## Meeting Minutes November 14, 2024

### Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST

### Attendance

| Name | Organization |
| :--- | :--- |
|Chevalier, Tim |NetApp |
|Furlong, Judith |Dell |
|Gaikwad, Deepak |Dell |
|Hudson, Tim |Cryptsoft |
|Marshall, Scott |Cryptsoft |
|Rich, Bruce |Cryptsoft |
|Scott, Greg |Cryptsoft |

- 7 of 11 Eligible Attendees
- 64%
- Quorum Achieved

### Proposed Agenda
- Roll Call
- Approve Agenda
- Review/Approve Minutes (October 17, 2024)
- KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
  - KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
  - KMIP 3.0 Specification
  - KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
- New Business
  - Meeting Schedule for Thanksgiving, End of Year and 2025
- Next Meeting
- Call for Additional Attendees
- Adjourn Meeting

#### Motion to approve Agenda
- Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

#### Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from October 17, 2024
- Tim C moves, Judith F seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the October 17, 2024 meeting are approved.

### KMIP 3.0 Status Update
#### KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
- Tim H Reported that he had received zero feedback on the test cases which were uploaded prior to the last meeting. For reference the test cases uploaded were:
  - [create-keypair-ml-kem-512-LOG.xml](https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/39d0c648-0a66-4f46-b343-018dc7d3f19c/documents/drafts2245/document?document_id=72215)
  - [register-keypair-ml-kem-512-LOG.xml](https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/39d0c648-0a66-4f46-b343-018dc7d3f19c/documents/drafts2245/document?document_id=72216)
  - [encapsulate-ml-kem-512-LOG.xml](https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/39d0c648-0a66-4f46-b343-018dc7d3f19c/documents/drafts2245/document?document_id=72217)
  - [decapsulate-ml-kem-512-01-LOG.xml](https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/39d0c648-0a66-4f46-b343-018dc7d3f19c/documents/calendar/document?document_id=72218)
- Tim H noted that there has been some questions raised in general on the status of Post-Quantum and some movement within the IETF however that may also contravene FIPS 140-3 requirements so there may still be some revision there.

#### KMIP 3.0 Specification
- Tim C reports that he has been working through WD17 of the KMIP 3.0 Spec [KMIP Spec v3.0 WD17 Markup](https://groups.oasis-open.org/higherlogic/ws/groups/39d0c648-0a66-4f46-b343-018dc7d3f19c/documents/drafts2245/document?document_id=72214) and has noted some minor items that require some correction. Discussed briefly that he will begin making tracked changes for review.
- Judith F advises that we now have the updated templates for the 4 documents. This took some time as OASIS also seem to be having some issues with the new system and templates
- Task now remains to take feedback and/or comments and apply them along with the updated versions of the documents into the new format for the next steps
- Noted that at this point we have seen nothing from the public review feedback and with the new system we are not aware of the process OASIS staff will pass on those comments.
- Tim H also noted that there some items that needed to be added into the documents for example we need to declare a hashing algorithm enumeration for SM3 amongst other items that he will check.

#### KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
- Judith F noted that she has the updated template which she will convert the old version into pending the updated specification, test cases and profiles.

### New Business
- Meeting Schedule - Next scheduled meeting conflicts with Thanksgiving and then some further conflicts during the end of year holidays. Resolved to cancel the meeting scheduled for 28-November and 26-December. In addition we need to create a new set of meetings in the OASIS Calendar and the meeting agreed to commence a new set of meetings commencing 16-January.

### Next Meeting
- Next TC Meeting: December 12, 2024

### Call for Additional Attendees (Greg)
- None

#### Motion to Adjourn
- Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

### Meeting Adjourned at 17:20 US-EST
