= Meeting Minutes July 31, 2014 =
 * Meeting commenced 1:00PM US-PDT
=== Roll call ===
 * Subhash performed roll call, we have quorum. This will be an official meeting.

=== Agenda ===
 * KMIP 1.2 status
 * KMIP 1.3 document co-editors
 * Query Enhancement Proposal (Tim)
 * KMIP 1.3 other items
 * Interop Subcommittee status (Tony)
 * KMIP Known Implementation Wiki

=== Approve meeting agenda ===
 * Tim moved, Chuck seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions.

=== Approve previous meeting minutes ===
 * Tim moved, Chuck seconded. No objections or discussions. David F abstained as he was not at the previous meeting.

=== KMIP 1.2 status ===
 * Subhash still needs to get the documents up. Cryptsoft are providing some assistance as there are a large number of items. Expected to be completed in the next day or two.

=== KMIP 1.3 document co-editors ===
 * Subhash asked for volunteers for co-editors for the 1.3 docs
 * Tim nominated Mark J. for test case co-editor. Mark accepted. Tim made the motion, Chuck seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions.
 * Subhash nominated Tony C for spec co-editor. Tony C accepted. Tim made the motion, Joe seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions.
 * Subhash to look into the usage guide co-editor to assist Judy. Tim indicated he can help but was waiting on whether or not HP is returning as a member as he would like to noticate Indra as co-editor when that happens. No objections or abstentions or discussions.
 * Subhash volunteered for the use cases if no one steps forward as Saikat had indicated he could not continue. Tim nominated Chuck as co-editor. Chuck accepted. Tim made the motion for Subhash and Chuck as co-editors, Judy Seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions.

=== Query Enhancement Proposal (Tim) ===
 * Tim stepped through the presentation he sent to the list "KMIP-Query-Capability-V1.pdf"
 * Bruce wasn't sure about global or per operation for streaming
 * Chuck suggested starting with a simple approach for this round and add to the complexity later.
 * Discussion between Tim and Bruce about treating all the items (Streaming, Asynchronous, Attestation) the same for consistency - either all detailed or all simple.
 * Mark agreed with Chuck's position that we start simple and expand later.
 * David F asked Tim about sync/asyc on operations. Tim clarified - this it is related to discoverability rather than altering operations - operations all unchanged.
 * Committee reached consensus that simple approach for Streaming, Asynchronous, Attestation be used - Tim to progress on that basis.
 * Tim asked Bruce if the unwrapping mode suggestions meet his concerns. Bruce questioned whether information coming from the server might alter a security status in relation to usage of keys. Tim indicated this was what "unspecified" is for. Bruce agreed. Tim to progress on that basis.
 * David queried asynchronous query in relation to applying to some or all operations. Tim responded "If you ever do async, say yes, if you never do it say no." Tim to clarify in profile and propose some text for the usage guide.
 * Judy asked about destruction of metadata on shredding. Wider discussion on metadata. Bruce suggested using just enough options to cover the key material and the metadata differentially. Judy agreed and suggested it applies to the client as well (as clients can record keys). Tim to progress based on suggestions as enumerations.
 * Subhash noted that RNG Query should meet concerns provided by John previously.
 * Tim will progress the documents given the clear consensus view point.

=== KMIP 1.3 other items === 
 * Status review of items
  * Client Registration - Judy indicate next week or the week after for write up
  * Query Enhancements - all completed (with this weeks discussion)
  * Streaming Operations - finished and balloted
  * NIST key lifecycle - Chuck working on write up from previous call but no major issues outstanding - just incorporating feedback
  * Key shredding - now covered in the Query Enhancement proposal - so item complete for now
  * Key wrapping - Tim said he thought this was still pending on BobL proposal with just a new key format type - 

 * Subhash will ping BobL to check on:
  * Locate - finished and balloted
  * Group item from Kiran - Subhash will check status

=== Interop Subcommittee status (Tony) ===
 * Tony stated that the interop subcommittee had not met since the last interop and that meetings would commence starting next week in preparation for the summer interoperability plugfest. Tony will email the list.
 * Tony stated that the summer interop plugfest (not a formal "OASIS Interoperability Event") is scheduled to run starting the last week of August 2014 and will include only the new KMIP v1.3 content to reduce the burden on participants, and ensure the new functionality is workable in preparation for finalization of KMIP 1.3.
 * General TC consensus on approach. Any vendor wanting to participate should email Tony directly or the list.

=== KMIP Known Implementation Wiki ===
 * Subhash indicated that the wiki page entries concerning interop results should be more tightly controlled following email to the list from Tony
 * Tony stated that the page was being referenced by a wide range of organisations for market and interop status and noted that there had been vendor activity updating the interop portion of the page to note implementations having participated in previous interop tests for which there are no records and these entries needed to be corrected.
 * Subhash requested that the KMIP TC resolve that the Interop test entries on the Known Implementation wiki page be maintained by the KMIP Interop Subcommittee Chair. No objections or abstentions or discussions. KMIP Interop sub committee chair is now responsible for all updates to the interop status table in the Known Implementations wiki page.

=== New items ===
 * David F asked about usage of the cryptographic usage mask flags (esp export flag). Bruce indicated that the flag existed but no specific behavior has been documented as dependent on the export flag. Tim suggested posting it to the list to see if it is in use and make a decision on a future call dependent on the responses. David agree to do this.

=== Agenda for next week's TC call ===
 * Client registration (Tim and Judy to confirm)
 * If no specific agenda items we may cancel next weeks call as Subhash has a clashing commitment (can make call if we have agenda topics).

=== Motion to Adjourn ===
 * Tim moved, Chuck seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions. Adjourned 1:56PM US-PDT.
