= Meeting Minutes September 18, 2014 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Bob Lockhart (Bob L.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * One Time Pad Proposal (Jerry Stueve)
 * KMIP 1.3 Status (Bob L., Judy F.)
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) moves to approve the agenda
 * Kiran Thota (Kiran) Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 
 
== One Time Pad (OTP) Proposal (Jerry Stueve) ==
 * [[Link Name:https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/54130/KMIP-One%20Time%20Pad.pdf]]
 * Can you get the OTP value? - John L.
 * In our particular case no - a Get would be denied but other options are valid so should not be precluded. - Jerry
 * Are there life cycle considerations - Mark Joseph (Mark J.)
 * Perhaps a profile to resolve issue of interoperability given the required flexibility - Judy F.
 * Does the OTP Apply to streaming? - John L.
 * It could be - streaming or non-streaming - either works - that isn't an OTP-specific question - Tim H.
 * Isn't the algorithm just XOR? John L.
 * It might be or it might not be - there isn't a fixed requirement that this has to be an XOR - the particular algorithm can vary. - Jerry S.
 * That makes sense to not call it XOR then (various)
 * A profile showing one usage perhaps where it is XOR so interoperability for one context could be tested between vendors would be useful. We need something to test. - Mark J.
 * Subhash polls for three companies to support
  * Companies willing to support
   1. Cryptsoft (Tim H.)
   1. P6R (Mark J.)
   1. Thales (Bob L.)
   1. Semper Fortis (Jerry S.)
 * General TC acceptance - add the enumeration to KMIP 1.3
 * Jerry & Tim separately to create a proposed interoperability profile showing one usage even if that usage isn't a direct match for Jerry's context so testing can be done.
 
== KMIP 1.3 Status (Bob L., Judy F.) ==
 * Bob L. to upload TR31 Key Types specification update at first opportunity
 * Bob L. to create proposal for PKCS#12 key format type as previously discussed or it won't make it into version 1.3
 * Judy has uploaded changes for key shredding terminology which needs updated in specification
 * No separate vote required - will pick this up in the vote once the specification changes from all the proposals have been folded in by Kiran and Tony

 == Call for late arrivals - Subhash/Bob L. ==
 * No new attendees
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H. moves to adjourn
 * Steve Edwards seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:45PM GMT =
