## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/December042014
= Meeting Minutes December 04, 2014 =

== Meeting commenced 9:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call by Tony Cox
 * Quorum achieved

== Motion to approve November 20, 2014 meeting minutes ==
 * [[MeetingMinutes/November202014|20 November 2014]]
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Bruce Rich Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion approved

== OASIS Update on RSA Interop ==
 * Jane Hanard updated that RSA interop booth 20X20 like last year
 * There are still spots available, one for sure and two can be squeezed in
 * Need to finalize before end of this month (December 2014)

== Proposed agenda ==
 * RSA 2015 interop event update
 * KMIP 1.2 status
 * KMIP 1.3 status
 * TC Standing rules
 * Face to Face Hosting for April 2015
 * KMIP 1.4 planning
 
== Motion to approve Agenda ==
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Chuck White Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved

 
== KMIP 1.2 Status (Tony Cox) ==
 * Statement of Use available from two companies, Cryptsoft and P6R. One more SOU required to make a formal request to OASIS TC admin
 * Rich Freeman: Symantec is planning on submitting a SOU, need a link in minutes in this regard, Tony to provide the details in this weeks minutes:
  * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/54564/KMIP-SOU-Cryptsoft-14-Nov-2014.pdf|Cryptsoft]]
  * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/54579/KMIP-SOU-P6R-17-NOV-2014.pdf|P6R]]
 * Chet has already provided all relevant links required
 * Plan is to have the last SOU before next week's call so that we can make a motion to request TC admin for a majority ballot to move 1.2 documents as OASIS Standards
 
== KMIP 1.3 Update (Tony Cox) ==
 * No new update
 * Tony to work with Kiran on the changes in specification document
 * Tim: Update the test case and profile document before next weeks call
 * Judy: Update Usage guide based on interoperability feedback before Christmas holiday
 
== TC Standing Rule for Interop (Tony Cox) ==
 * Tony proposes three standing rules based on previous interop experience:
  * The KMIP TC is to be represented at an interoperability event by KMIP TC voting member organisations.
  * At an Interoperability Event, interoperability between implementations needs to be proven to the satisfaction of the participants, well ahead of any demonstration commencing.
  * In order for the KMIP TC to accept a Statement of Use, the submitting member needs to have participated in a plugfest or interop test for that version of the specification - applies for KMIP v1.3 onward.

== KMIP TC face to face meeting ==
 * Saikat: Oracle conference center is available on 16th April but unavailable on the 17th.
 * Rich Freeman: Symantec is available to host both days, need headcount
 * Based on ballot: Majority people prefer 16th and 17th April, there will be quite a few folks on webex dialing in.
 * We will host face to face on April 16th and 17th at Symantec office in MountainView, CA

== KMIP 1.4 Candidate List ==
 * Mark - Query stuff, Query existing groups
 * Tim - Let us review the 1.3 list, few things moved from that list to 1.4 
 * Saikat: Error Handling, heard repeated complaints
 * David Featherstone - Template revival, Tim: template is deprecated, hence cannot be revived in 1.4, need to wait until 2.0
 * Chuck: Security attributes 
 
== Call for late arrivals - Tony ==
 * Mark Joseph - P6R
 * Krishna Yellepeddi - IBM
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim Hudson move
 * Tim Chevalier seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:30PM GMT =
