## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/September042014
## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/August212014
## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/August072014
## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/July312014
= Meeting Minutes September 11, 2014 =
 * Meeting commenced 1:00PM US-PDT
=== Roll call ===
 * Saikat performed roll call, we have quorum. This will be an official meeting.

=== Agenda ===
 * Key Shredding proposal (Judy)
 * Status of KMIP 1.2 (Saikat)
 * Status of Interoperability (Tony)


=== Approve meeting agenda ===
 * Tim moved, Mark seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions. Agenda approved

=== Approve previous meeting minutes for September 4th ===
 * Tim moved, Chuck seconded. No objections or discussions. Minutes approved

=== Key Shredding 1.3 proposal Status (Judy) ===
 * Judy sent out the proposal with terminology changes 
 * Open question: Enumeration of examples of how a server is handing shredding, which algorithms are used
 * Action Item:   Tim will send out examples of enumeration before next week's call after discussing further with Judy

=== KMIP 1.2 status (Saikat) ===
 * Chet has sent out the 15-day public review for all 13 documents for KMIP 1.2 on Monday, 9/8.
 * We will wait for public review comments in next 15 days


=== KMIP 1.3 Interoperability Plug-fest status (Tony) ===
 * Plugfest will start on October 6th.
 * 3 vendors have confirmed and 3 may be
 * Results will be published fairly shortly after completion 


=== Subhash calls for additional items to discuss ===
 * Chuck brought up inclusion of one time pad as enumeration for supported algorithm, start something simple and then grow 
 * John L. said he had proposed something previously, it was not approved by TC members
 * Tim pointed out that John's previous proposals were all part of the RNG object
 * Mark: Would like to see test cases, just adding in the enumeration will not suffice - need some test cases
 * Bruce: I in KMIP stands for interoperability, Take interoperability aspect into consideration even for simple steps like including one-time pad in algorithm enumeration
 * A/I: Chuck to write a proposal along with test cases and send it to TC reflector; discussion next week.

  
=== Motion to Adjourn ===
 * Tim moved, Chuck seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions. Adjourned 1:18PM US-PDT.
