= Meeting Minutes December 03, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 21:00 GMT ==
 * Roll called by Tony Cox (Tony)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda 
 * Approve minutes 
 * KMIP 1.3 Review
 * KMIP 1.4 Review
 * NIST800-131 Update (Bruce Rich)
 * Face to Face Meeting
 * RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C.)

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) Moves
 * Jerry () Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Motion to approve November 19, 2015 meeting minutes ==
 * Tim Chevalier (Tim C.) Moves
 * Tim H. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved
 
== KMIP 1.3 Review ==
 * KMIP Specification 1.3 working draft status
  * Chuck moves that
   * The TC approve kmip-spec-v1.3-wd03c.doc (with editorial edits from Judy)
   * The file contained in [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57030/kmip-spec-v1.3-wd03c.doc | KMIP Specification v1.3 Working Draft]], as a Committee Specification Draft
   * Designate the word version of the Committee Specification Draft as authoritative
   * The TC approve submitting this document for 15 days public review
  * Indra Fitzgerald Seconds
  * No objections
  * No abstentions
  * Motion approved
 * Usage guide is ready to move to committee note with updates to match specification
  * Judy Fulong moves that
   * The TC approve kmip-ug-v1.3-wd03c.doc (with editorial edits from Judy)
   * The file contained in [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57036/kmip-ug-v1.3-wd03awChanges.doc | KMIP Usage Guide v1.3 Working Draft]], as a Committee Note Draft
   * Designate the word version of the Committee Note Draft as Informative
   * The TC approve submitting this document for 15 days public review
  * Tim H. Seconds
  * No objections
  * No abstentions
  * Motion approved
 * Profiles not complete but in process (Tim H.)
 * Test cases in similar state as test cases need to be moved to external files (Tim H.)
 * Use cases not progressing and may need to drop these for KMIP 1.3 (as we did for KMIP 1.2) (Chuck White)
 
== KMIP 1.4 Status (Tony C.) ==
 * Extend capability of Batch continuation (Tim H.)
  * Presentation provided by Tim H.
  * David Featherstone - Do clients exist that have ability to alter behavior based on server capability discovery? Tim H and Mark - yes.
  * Tim C. moves to include the Batch Continuation edits as proposed in the KMIP Specification version 1.4
  * Bob L. seconds
  * No objections
  * No abstentions
  * Motion approved
  * Tim H. will send specification change and usage guide change text to the list.
 * Get Wrapped Key Proposal Review (Anthony B.)
  * Bruce Rich (Bruce R.) brought up issues with wrapped keys when client requesting key doesn't have access to wrapping key
  * Discussion on error codes returned and how servers respond
  * Hal to provide link to WS Security specification wording on detailed error code return handling
  * Anthony B. and Bruce R. to refine the error message problem
  * Work to be reviewed at a later meeting

== NIST SP800-131 Review (Bruce R.) ==
 * Mostly about profile changes to remove depricated key types
 
== Face to Face Meeting 2016 (Tony C.) ==
 * Looking for host location
  * Indra looking into NetApp hosting but no decision as yet

== RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C.) ==
 * OASIS (Jane) Waiting final comments on booth layout that has been sent out to the participants
 
== Call for late arrivals (Tony C.) ==
 * Two additional attendees
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Bruce R. Moves
 * Tim C. seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 21:57 GMT =
