= Meeting Minutes October 1, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:01PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve minutes
 * KMIP 1.3 Status
 * KMIP 1.4 Status
 * RSA2016 Interop
 * NIST800-57 Update (http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/drafts/800-57/sp800-57p1r4_draft.pdf)
 * Revoke and ASI discussion emails from DavidF
 * New business
 * Adjourn

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Jerry S Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve September 17th meeting minutes ===
 * https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/Sep172015
 * Tim H Moves
 * David F Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.3 status ==
 * Tim H - profiles - progressing but nothing to share with the TC as yet

== KMIP 1.4 status ==
 * No updates. Chuck not on call so no update on his items.

== RSA2016 Interop ==
 * Tony C - update - both KMIP and PKCS#11; interop calls from OASIS will start this month.
 * Note that the interop rules have been updated by OASIS - see https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/interop

== Nist Update ==
 * Chuck not on call. Item deferred to next call.

== Revoke operation ==
 * See David F's email - proposing we change wording to make it clear that the compromise occurrence date is optional.
 * Tim H - this date is required for noting when revocation occurred - there isn't a separate date for when revoke occurred. 
 * Judy F - from CRLs - should be noted that you note dates at suspend etc - so this is meant to be include
 * David F - separately should we make it clear that CA compromise also covers key compromise - not exactly clear in the specification. 
 * Tony C - should we discuss this further. David - yes. Judy - good topic. KMIP 1.4 topic? Yes.
 * AI - David to produce material - Tim and Judy will review.

== Application Specific Information ==
 * See David F's other email - proposing we change wording to make it clear that the compromise occurrence date is optional.
 * Usage Guide - empty string verse not present - is this indicated there or not. 
 * Tim - would prefer to just see the REQUIRED changed to NO rather than YES and not explicitly note empty string as usable.
 * AI David to check usage guide to see whether or not there is something there in the UG that indicates empty string should be used to discuss on next call.
 * Anthony B - is there any confusion on NULL / Empty in the specification. Tim - don't think so - but worth checking.

== Other items ==
 * Tony - brief update on SDC and DSSS 
 * Some folks at the summit were not aware of just how widely deployed KMIP already is - lots of comments on that.
 * SSIF increased interest in terms of KMIP after that call
 * Tim - there is a video link to the session and the SNIA/OASIS presentation will be uploaded to the KMIP document area.
 * AI - Tony will send out details.

== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * Hai-May joined the call 
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H Moves
 * Jerry seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:29PM GMT =
