= Meeting Minutes July 23, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Approve Agenda
 * Roll call
 * Approve minutes
 * KMIP 1.3 Status
 * Review face to face action items
  * Key Wrapping (Mark) - discuss
  * Error Handling (Richard/Bruce) - discuss
 * Plugfest ballot
 * New business
 * Adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Gerry Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve June 9th meeting minutes ===
 * Tim Chevalier Moves
 * Gerry Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.3 status ==
 * No KMIP 1.3 updates from authors - Tony assuming that this means no progress on those items.
 *  TimH confirms he has not progressed his items 

== Key Wrapping Proposal ==
 * Mark briefly presented on Wrap/Unwrap proposal at [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/56111/detailed_wrap_unwrap_proposal.odt]] and [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/56112/detailed_wrap_unwrap_tests.odt]]
  * Very similar to the Get operation only it returns a managed object instead of returning a wrapped key
  * Unwrap object is similar to Register - difference is two fold, creates managed object when unwraps key that it has been give - and it also does attribute merging
  * Some comments that the merging is a little too open from Anthony - controlled by policy - perhaps attributes on unwrap key takes precedence over those provided - or limits.
  * Perhaps this should be explored and compared with Derive Key or attributes included in the wrapping
  * TimH - has anyone explored wrapping of attributes along with the keys? No responses.
  * BruceR - discussion on client policy enforcement - will 
  * TimH - perhaps this is a topic for the next face to face.
  * Minute this and review in next meeting to see if it makes sense to include or leave out for KMIP 1.4 - that would control 
 * Mark - proposal is done
 * Tony - do we need to wait for next week? Tim - yes.
 * Tony - would like to ballot this into 1.4 - next meeting? Yes.

== Error Handling ==
 * Bruce walked through the posted item at [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/55985/KMIP%20error%20clarification.pdf]]
  * Request for clarity. Clarity is like beauty - a little bit abstract. 
  * Two parts - header processing items and then errors with particular operations.
  * Should this be test cases or descriptions.
  * TimH Example of row 4 in 11.1 General table - what does it mean - Bruce and Tim would both not mind that row disappearing.
  * e.g. what happens if we have an attribute that is unknown? what is a field?
  * (discussion)
  * TimH perhaps we should limit to 11.1 General as a starting point
 * Tony: action item for status update for next meeting with further discussion to follow.

== Plugfest Ballot ==
 * Cryptsoft, EMC, IBM, P6R, and HP - plug fest in around week 21-25th September with potential live f2f or plugfest at SDC or SNIA event
 * Next step is to fire up the interop sub-committee next week to figure out the details
 * Will be off the OASIS dial-in list if we have any non-OASIS members
 * Bruce - how do non-OASIS members find out about this
 * Tim - suggest we have a consistent description

== Review Face to Face Action Items ==
 * No KMIP 1.3 updates from authors

== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * Joe & Jim
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Joe Moves
 * Jim seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:51PM GMT =
