## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/June252015
= Meeting Minutes June 25, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Welcome new TC member
 * Approve minutes
 * Review face to face action items 
 * New business
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Chuck White Moves
 * Tim Chevalier Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved/not approved 

=== Motion to approve June 18th meeting minutes ===
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Tim Chevalier Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved/not approved 

=== Welcome new TC member ===
 * Welcome Andrew Byrne from EMC
 * Glad to see more participants from EMC
 * Look forward to contribution


== Review Face to Face Action Items ==
 * Bob L. has added all the F2F action items to JIRA, Tim sent out an mail to the reflector with links
 * NIST Security Attributes (Bruce R., Mark J. & Chuck W. to present at the July meeting after 4th July holiday)
 * Protocol Optimization - Close action item, Mark and Anthony completed Streaming and Large Crypto Operations, Anthony to present in the next TC call
 * Protocol optimization - John L. to provide the clarifications required for streaming operations
 * Key Wrapping - Steve W. sent the clarifications to Mark. Mark can present by end of July 
 * Attestation test cases (Tim H. & Mark J.) target of July 16
 * ACL (Anthony has already updated the slides)
 * Error Handling (Bruce R. & Richard)
  * Bruce sent out couple of slides regarding what is the charter? Deferred to next call.
 * PKCS#12 Use Cases (Chuck W., Jerry & Steve W.) Chuck: Will send out an update to the reflector next week
 * Overall, TC has one closed action item so far and few under way

== Moving to a bi-weekly schedule ==
 * US summer schedule. Proposal to move to a bi-weekly meeting for the month of July and August
 * Motion to move to a bi-weekly meeting during the month of July and August and last meeting in August, we will make a motion to revert back to weekly meeting
 * Bruce moves
 * Tim C seconds
 * No objections, no abstentions
 * Motion passed to move to a bi-weekly schedule starting July the 9th
 * Also discussion around summer plug-fest, Tony will run the summer plug-fest starting in September, regular meeting in the Interop sub committee which will not be affected by the bi-weekly summer schedule
 * Plug-fest at the Santa Clara storage conference. There is a one-day security summit. Tony will be speaking on SSIF KMIP conformance lab
 * Judy: Is this plug-fest an official plug-fest run by OASIS. Tony: This is not an official OASIS plug-fest, rather this is a KMIP TC run plug-fest
 * Tony will set up a straw poll for interest in the STC plug-fest. Will discuss at the next meeting on July 9th
 * Mark: Please add me to the roll
  
 
== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * No new attendees
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jim seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:38PM GMT =
