## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/October012015
= Meeting Minutes October 15, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve minutes
 * KMIP 1.3 Status
 * KMIP 1.4 Status
 * NIST800-57 Update 
 * Revoke discussion - David F
 * ASI discussion - David F 
 * New business
 * Adjourn

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Tim C Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved

=== Motion to approve October 1st meeting minutes ===
 * https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/October012015
 * Tim H Moves
 * Gerry Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.3 status ==
 * Tim H - profiles - Document formatting according to OASIS guidelines progressing, yet to be completed
 * Judy - No changes to the usage doc. It is already up to date

== KMIP 1.4 status ==
 * No updates


== NIST 800-57 Update ==
 * Chuck - Applying the state model based on a sliding time line impacts KMIP, state transition model cannot be based on time alone since time is relative and time differs between computer systems
 * Chuck will focus on state transition model of 800-57 and how it impacts KMIP specification
 * Tim: Introducing suspend will pose challenges to all the existing implementations as it changes fundamental architecture
 * Chuck and Bob L. will continue the research and present to the TC. Tony will reach out to Bob for analysis

== Application Specific Information ==
 * This item is closed without further action item as the change from Yes to No as proposed in David's last email is sufficient.
 * This could go in KMIP 1.3 or KMIP 1.4.

== Revoke operation ==
 * Discussion of Revoke and Compromise Occurrence Date in two areas - the reasons that mean "compromise" (extend) and optional/mandatory
 * Judy indicated usage guide text doesn't clash with specification - David indicated he is okay with the clarification.
 * Further discussion occurred around David's email, Judy's email and Tim's email on the topic
 * Judy, Tim and David to work on a consolidated viewpoint for suggested clarifications/changes and send out another revision for all TC members
 * Resolve by next meeting

== RSA2016 Interop ==
 * Tony C - update - both KMIP and PKCS#11; interop calls from OASIS will start this month
 * PlugFest planned to start later this year, formal interop planned for RSA next year
 * Tony will send out invite to Interop sub committee email alias


== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * David F. joined the call
 * Krishna Y. joined the call
 * Mike P. joined the call

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Chuck Moves
 * Tim H. seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved

= Meeting Adjourned at 8:40 PM GMT =
