= Meeting Minutes December 17, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 21:00 GMT ==
 * Roll called by Tony Cox (Tony)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda 
 * Approve minutes 
 * KMIP 1.3 Review
 * KMIP 1.4 Review
  * Spec and Usage Guide update (Tim H)
  * Certificate Attributes (Tim H)
  * Client/Server Correlation Values (Anthony)
 * Face to Face Meeting
 * RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C.)

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Chevalier (Tim C.) Moves
 * Justin Corlett Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Motion to approve December 3rd and 10th, 2015 meeting minutes ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved
 
== KMIP 1.3 Review ==
 * Tony has two items to move specification and usage guide forward - working on it 
 * Profiles not complete but in process (Tim H.)
 * Test cases in similar state as test cases need to be moved to external files (Tim H.)
 * Use cases not progressing and may need to drop these for KMIP 1.3 (as we did for KMIP 1.2) (Chuck White)
 * Motion to approve the changes to spec and usage guide [[insert-url]] 
 * Jim moves, Greg seconds.
 
== KMIP 1.4 Status (Tony C.) ==
 * Certificate Attributes Proposal Review (Tim H.)
  * Presentation provided by Tim H.
  * Judy notes here comments from the list are addressed in the updated presentation.
  * Tony - X.509/X.520 or Certificate
  * Judy - don't need X.520 or X.509 - using Certificate makes sense 
  * Judy - perhaps Subject DN and Issuer DN - or Distinguished Name.
  * Subject DN CN, Issuer DN CN - consensus - Judy, Krishna, Bruce, Tim.
  * Tim H. will update presentation accordingly for next call.
 * Client/Server Correlation Values Proposal Review (Anthony B.)
  * Presentation provided by Anthony B
  * Request/Response rather than Client Server as the name as per list feedback.
  * Server should provide the provided correlation value in its response
  * Nothing security sensitive should be placed in the values (usage guide note?)
  * Alternate view was to use/re-purpose Unique Batch Item id or re-purpose Async Correlation Value
  * John L - good idea to have some means of correlating items - not sure if we need values returned by server - if intent is to have some form of correlation. Not sure if it is required for end-point. 
    Correlation of message streams is a good idea. One value from first requester is sufficient. Happy for others to convince him otherwise but hasn't heard a use case for it as yet that is convincing. 
  * David F - supports John's stated view - just one is sufficient.
  * Chuck W - half-duplex makes sense to have both - so having both identifiers and multiple connections etc helps make this. Having both could be valuable. 
  * Bruce - correlation in both direction makes sense - it is more complex. We need at least one.
  * Kevin D - any interest in having 1:1 correlation id in the context of federation.
  * Tim H - sees value in cross-request correlation for conformance testing and testcases / plug fests 
  * Tony C - seems to be general support for concept (excluding David F who does not think it is required) - consensus is for Anthony to continue development of proposal - and add to f2f agenda item.
  * Work to be reviewed at a later meeting

== Face to Face Meeting 2016 (Tony C.) ==
 * Indra confirms NetApp will host f2f in Sunnyvale facility 24th and 25th
 * Tony - thanks to both Indra and Steve for their willingness to look at hosting
 * Tony - everyone please send out potential agenda items to the list.

== RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C.) ==
 * OASIS (Jane) had call this week. Booth layout agreed. Using different company - booth drafts looks really nice.
 * Focus on KMIP 1.2 as the low bar. With KMIP 1.3 and any KMIP 1.4 items.
 
== Call for late arrivals (Tony C.) ==
 * One late attendee added (to the list picked up during discussion).
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jeff seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 21:48 GMT =
