= Meeting Minutes July 9, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Approve Agenda
 * Roll call
 * Approve minutes
 * KMIP 1.3 Status
 * Review face to face action items
 * New business
 * Adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Gerry Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve June 25th meeting minutes ===
 * Chuck White Moves
 * Tim Chevalier Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.3 status ==
 * No KMIP 1.3 updates from authors
 * Items due for July 16th meeting move to July 23

== Review Face to Face Action Items ==
 * No KMIP 1.3 updates from authors
 * Bob L. has added all the F2F action items to JIRA, Tim sent out an mail to the reflector with links - updates by 23rd
 * NIST Security Attributes (Bruce R., Mark J. & Chuck W. to present at the July meeting after 4th July holiday) - update to be had - with ChuckW
 * Protocol Optimization - Close action item, Mark and Anthony completed Streaming and Large Crypto Operations, Anthony to present in the next TC call
 * Key Wrapping - Steve W. sent the clarifications to Mark. Mark can present by end of July - 23rd new target.
 * Attestation test cases (Tim H. & Mark J.) target of July 23rd
 * Error Handling (Bruce R. & Richard) - Tony to add to agenda for 23rd for feedback from the presentation Bruce sent out.
 * PKCS#12 Use Cases (Chuck W., Jerry & Steve W.) Chuck: Will send out an update to the reflector next week. Bob waiting on review. Bob will send out email reminders.
 * Tony will send out status update emails during the week and agenda for next call will be to review those items.

== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * Matthias
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Chuck Moves
 * Tim H seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:13PM GMT =
