= Meeting Minutes June 18, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Review face to face action items 
 * New business
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Tim Chevalier Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved/not approved 

== Review Face to Face Action Items ==
 * Bob L. will get action items into Jira by next meeting
 * NIST Security Attributes (Bruce R., Mark J. & Chuck W.)
 * KMIP Multipart Streaming Messages (John L.) Completed and posted
 * Streaming & Large Crypto Operations (Mark J. & Anthony)
  * Proposal should be complete by July 23rd
 * Attestation test cases (Tim H. & Mark J.) target of July 16
 * ACL (Anthony to update slides)
 * Error Handling (Bruce R. & Richard)
  * Had initial discussion and get back to TC next week
 * PKCS#12 Use Cases (Chuck W., Jerry & Steve W.)
  
== New Business ==
 * Feedback on Tape Library profile
  * Two items to be marked as optional
  * Tim to provide update in next two to three weeks
 * Version 1.3 needs to move on to OASIS
  * Start next week to push forward
 
== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * No new attendees
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jeff Bartell seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:16PM GMT =
