= Meeting Minutes June 11, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 1:00PM PDT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved/not achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Update on 1.3 status
 * Walk through face-to-face meeting action list
 * Chet's email regarding Specification documentation errors
 * Any new business

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Bruce R Moves, Tim C Seconds, no objections, no abstentions - Agenda approved

== Motion to approve May 21, 2015 meeting minutes ==
  * Tim H Moves, Tim C Seconds, no objections, no abstentions - Minutes approved
 
== Item KMIP 1.3 Status  ==
 * No updates to report on 1.3 documents
 * TimH: Profiles - I still have some outstanding work to do on those
 * Judy: Usage guide - only editorial changes 
 * Tony: Specification - nothing outstanding
 * Chuck/Tim C: Use Cases - Working on it
 * Tony: ETA for 1.3 is being requested by folks who are monitoring it's status (vendors and consumers)

 
== Face to Face Action items ==
 * Tony walked through the action item list - requested responsible members to work through the items.
 * Chuck: Working on content with a focus to communicate with NIST, including the formatting that would work for NIST
 * Chuck: Also looking at PKCS12 from a registration perspective.
 * Hal: commented that there is a significant volume of work defining "Purpose' as it relates to certificates, particularly as it relates to HL7 and XACML

== Email from Chet - reference errors ==
 * Chet emailed a list of reference errors.
 * Tim: Simply a notification as the errors are simply part of the process changing the documents into the spec - it is really only for reference/checking.
 
== Next meeting ==
 * June 18, 2015

== Call for late arrivals - Tony ==
 * No new attendees
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H Moves, Chuck seconds, no abstentions, no objections, Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 1:33PM PDT =
