= Meeting Minutes May 07, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Saikat Saha
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * RSA Conference KMIP booth feedback from participants
 * KMIP 1.2 status update
 * Discuss items from face to face KMIP 1.3 items
 * Discuss face to face KMIP 1.4 items

 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Chevalier Moves
 * Tim Hudson Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved

== RSA Conference KMIP booth feedback from participants ==
 * Good booth placement and layout
 * Badge scanning not allowed by new scanner owner
 * Looking at new demo for next year
 * Pods on corners lay out may have blocked some exposure unlike previous last year
  * Number of vendors made it harder to get the layout
  * Late delivery of booth design

== KMIP 1.2 status update (Responsible Party) ==
 * Ballots are up
 * Need to create a common email to send to voting members
 * Need to ensure all ballots are voted on

== Discuss items from face to face KMIP 1.3 items ==
 * Tony posted initial very rough paste to wiki
 * Action Items from 1.3 need to be distilled out based on title not version from notes

== Discuss face to face KMIP 1.4 items ==
 * Bob to go through meeting minutes and pull out action items and post on TC
 * Action items to be posted in Jira in TC web site and linked in Wiki to action items

== Call for late arrivals - Subhash/Saikat ==
 * 4 late arrivals
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Tim Chevalier seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved/not approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:31PM GMT =
