## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/February052015
= Meeting Minutes February 12, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 9:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call by Tony Cox
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Motion to approve Agenda
 * Motion to approve February 5, 2015 Meeting Minutes
 * Review KMIP v1.2 COS status (Tony C)
 * Review KMIP v1.3 documents status updates
  * Spec (Kiran/Tony)
  * Profiles (Tim H/BobL)
  * Usage Guide (Judy)
  * Use Cases (Chuck)
  * Test Cases (Tim H/Mark J)
 * Review KMIP 1.4 Status
 * New business
 * Motion to adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson Moves, Joe Brand seconds, no objections, no abstentions, agenda approved

== Previous Meeting Minutes ==
=== Motion to approve February 05, 2014 meeting minutes ===
 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds, no objections, no abstentions, motion approved
 
== KMIP 1.2 COS Status (Tony Cox) ==
 * Chet is working on these - tickets are open in Jira
 
== KMIP 1.3 Status (Tim Hudson) ==
=== Specification ===
 * Tim provided an update on the new additions in the KMIP 1.3 specification document in Previous meeting - no further comments or questions have been raised on the list.
 * Any further comments or questions? <none heard>
 * Tony suggested a motion to take the current draft to Committee Specification Draft
 * Joe Brand moves, Tim C seconds, no objections, no abstentions, no comments, motion passed.
 * KMIP Specification v1.3 is now committee specification draft
=== Profiles (Tim H) ===
 * Tim H - no progress yet - expecting some from others and the test cases
 * 1.3 test cases and a few others
 * tentative profiles list - AI - TimH to send to the list
 * next week for list 19-Feb, following for drafts 26-Feb
=== Usage Guide (Judy F) ===
 * Following though on updates from Kiran 
 * Tim provided outstanding usage guide text
 * target 26-Feb 
=== Use Cases (Chuck/Tim C) ===
 * scrubbing process on 1.2 use cases - un-unicorn salesman them - many use cases non-KMIP specific
 * taking hatchet
 * apply updates after that
 * eta for 5th or 12th March
=== Test Cases (Tim H/Mark J) ===
 * structure change
 * will upload next version before 19-Feb
=== Other ===
 * Kiran - any changes on 1.3 pending?
 * In good shape. Changes from Mark pending. Will fold back into text. Looking for review comments.
 * Tony -thanked Kiran for his work.
 * Kiran announced list is his last KMIP TC call. Thanks for contributions. Lots of progress.
 * Tony - sorry to see you go. Thanks again.
 * Tony is now sole editor - can carry across the line. Or a new co-editor.
 * Any volunteers? (crickets)

== Review KMIP 1.4 Status ==
 * reviewed items from wiki
 * need proposals and presentations
 * comments next week
 * big push at face to face
 * Saikat: we need to address the error handling part in KMIP spec
 * Tony: level of detail
 * Bruce: tension between meaningful diagnostics and helping attacker - etc. need to maintain balance; legit use; break in
 * TimH: will we walk through next week
 * Tony: yes

== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Call for late arrivals - Tony Cox ==
 * Dave F, Saikat S

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim Hudson moves, Tim C seconds, no objections, no abstentions, motion approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:27PM GMT =
