## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/February122015
## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/February052015
= Meeting Minutes February 19, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 9:01PM GMT ==
 * Roll call by Tony Cox
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Motion to approve Agenda
 * Motion to approve February 12, 2015 Meeting Minutes
 * Review KMIP v1.2 status (Tony C)
 * Review KMIP v1.3 status updates
 * Review KMIP 1.4 Status
 * New business
 * Motion to adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson Moves, Chuck White seconds, no objections, no abstentions, agenda approved

== Previous Meeting Minutes ==
=== Motion to approve February 05, 2014 meeting minutes ===
 * Chuck moves, Tim H. seconds, no objections, no abstentions, motion approved
 
== KMIP 1.2 Status (Tony Cox) ==
 * Chet has sent out the 1.2 documents for 60 days public review. If we receive any public comments, TC will need to respond to the review comments.
   Congratulations to TC members on this accomplishments.
 
== KMIP 1.3 Status (Tony) ==
=== Specification ===
 * 1.3 specification is now committee specification draft
=== Profiles (Tim H) ===
 * Tim H - no progress yet - week behind
=== Usage Guide (Judy F) ===
 * Following though on updates from Kiran 
 * Plan to update by next week
 * target 26-Feb 

=== Test Cases (Tim H/Mark J) ===
 * Document published
 * Make a motion to move Test case document as Committee Note Draft
 * Mark Joseph makes the motion, Joe Brand seconds, no abstentions, no objections, motion passes
 * Test case document for KMIP 1.3 is now Committee Note Draft.

== Review KMIP 1.4 Status (Tony) ==
 * Client Capability- Mark, we implemented all the feedback already in 1.3
 * Server to server - waiting on Bob, discuss next week
 * Model Clarity, stateless vs. stateful, Tim + Judy, most feedback covered, perhaps needs another review
 * ISO and other standards - Tim H. table for next week
 * Key Escrow - Saikat - No interest from server vendors, table for KMIP 2.0
 * Group proposal - Saikat - Presented 3 times including last face to face, not much interest amongst server vendors although almost all servers have some form of group implementations. Tim is interested.
 * Key Wrapping - Mark - proposal for two new operations, work on presentation and present in two weeks. Tim, Bruce, Judy, Tim C, Joe would be interested
 * Error Handling - Saikat proposal in two weeks, Tim is interested, review error codes and reasons, candidate for face to face
 * Sensitive Security Attributes - Chuck Two approaches, conservative and detailed approaches, will put together ideas and present. Excellent candidate for face to face. Mark, Tim, Tim C. John L interested
 * Administrative Use case - Kiran + Tim, Tim-defer till next week for discussion

== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Call for late arrivals - Tony Cox ==
 * Steve Edwards Fornetix

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim Hudson moves, Joe Brand seconds, no objections, no abstentions, motion approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:33PM GMT =
