= KMIP TC Meeting minutes - 19-November-2015 =

== Role Call ==
 * Subhash performed roll call, we have quorum. This will be an official meeting.

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve minutes
 * KMIP 1.3 Status, discussion about the formatting of profiles document, specification document (Tim and Tony)
 * KMIP 1.4 Status (Anthony Berglas)
 * NIST800-57 Update
 * NIST800-131 Update (Bruce Rich)
 * NIST 800-152 Update (Bob L.)
 * Face to Face meeting
 * RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C)
 * New business
 * Adjourn

== Opening Remarks ==
 * None

== Agenda Additions ==
 * None
 
=== Motion to accept agenda ===
 * Tim C, Tim H Seconds. No objections or abstentions or discussions. Approved. 

== Approve Previous Meeting Minutes ==
 * Tim C, Tim H Seconds. No objections or abstentions or discussions. Approved. 

== KMIP 1.3 status ==
 * Tony has uploaded wd03 and wd03a (following quick feedback) [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/56963/kmip-spec-v1.3-wd03a.doc|kmip-spec-v1.3-wd03a]]
 * David indicated his raised issues are resolved in wd03a
 * Tim still working on profiles document and will also update test cases to follow same format = should be done for post Thanksgiving meeting

== NIST800-57 Update ==
 * No feedback from NIST - none expected for 6-12 months

== NIST800-131 Update ==
 * Deferred

== NIST 800-152 Update ==
 * Deferred

== Face to Face meeting ==
 * Straw poll to be run for the dates for the meeting aiming for Wed+Thu the week before RSA2016 (Tony & Saikat to organise)
 * Still looking for a host (Oracle unable) with a few others checking to see if they can host

== Interop ==
 * Tony provided update - still waiting for private email lists to be arranged.

== KMIP V1.4 status ==
 * Anthony walked through [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/56946/latest/ImportExportP12-Nov15-1.pdf|PKCS#12 Export proposal]]
 * Motion made by Anthony to accept the proposal and move to the formal specification update write up in more detail. Tim C Seconds. No objections or abstentions. Motion passes.
 * Anthony walked through [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/56945/latest/LocateValueNov15-Ship-2.pdf|Locate Proposal]]
 * Discussion from Tim, Gerry and John. Examples of use cases make sense. Query from David as to whether or not this should be a separate operation. Tim notes that if it was then it would have to have all of what Locate has as well.
 * Further discussion in 2 weeks to decide which of the two alternative representations make sense and how to progress.

== Action Items ==
    * None

== New items ==
  * None

== Last call for late attendees ==
  * 2 late joiners.

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim moved, Tim C seconded. No objections or abstentions or discussions. Adjourned 1:45PM US-PDT. 
