## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/July232015
= Meeting Minutes September 17, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Saikat
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve minutes
 * KMIP 1.3 Status
 * NIST update
 * Interop Participation 
 * New business
 * Adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Tim C Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve August 20th meeting minutes ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Tim C Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.3 status Profiles by Tim Hudson ==
 * We have committee specification draft 12-Feb, Usage Guide April, Test case mid-Feb, still waiting on base profile document
 * Tim H - working with OASIS admin on the XML approach for test cases - external files, reference. Running behind schedule but single doc and external references should make review a lot easier.
 * Tim C - use case doc with Chuck W. Behind schedule. No expected date as yet.
 * Judy - usage guide - co-editor marked as TBD - Indra F has agreed to be co-editor for KMIP 1.3 usage guide
 * No pending updates for usage guide. 
 * Summary: Spec, Usage Guide, Test Cases
 * David F: application specific information and revoke emails sent to list - add to next call as an agenda item (next week)
 * Bob L/Tim H: DSSS summit clash for call next week - can we handle that
 * Motion to cancel next weeks call. Move Tim, Second Bob. Next call is October 1st.


== Nist Update ==
 * Tim: quick summary - update for Suspend state - should include in KMIP 1.4? BobL - yes.
 * Saikat: does this impact the key management documents? Tim - unclear - perhaps ask Chuck. Saikat will ask Chuck.
 * Discuss this in next calls agenda after everyone has had a chance to review.

== Other items ==
 * Welcome back to Indra F.
 * Bruce R leave of absence for three weeks starting the week of September 23rd noted.

== OASIS Formal Process for RSA Interop ==
 * Need to have formal OASIS TC participate in RSA 2016 and appoint an Interop Lead.
 * Motion to participate in RSA 2016 interop
 * Tim H moves
 * Bruce R seconds
 * No objections. No Abstentions.
 * Motion to have Tony Cox be Interop Lead in RSA 2016 interop
 * Bob L moves
 * Steve E seconds
 * No objections. No Abstentions.

== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * Mike Philips - Dell 
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H Moves
 * Bob L seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:22PM GMT =
