= Meeting Minutes March 19, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 9:01PM GMT ==
 * Roll call by Saikat
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Motion to approve Agenda
 *  Motion to approve March 12th, 2015 Meeting Minutes
 * Welcome HP's participation as TC members
 * Review KMIP v1.2 COS status (Saikat)
 * Review KMIP v1.3 documents status updates
  * Spec (Tony)
  * Profiles (Tim H/BobL)
  * Test Cases (Tim H/Mark J)
  * Usage Guide (Judy F)
 * Face to face planning and logistics
 * RSA Interop update (Tony)
 * New business
 * Motion to adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Tim C seconds 
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved

== Previous Meeting Minutes ==
=== Motion to approve March 12, 2015 meeting minutes ===
 * Chuck W Moves
 * Tim H Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion approved

== Welcome HP's participation  ==
 * Saikat welcomes HP's participation - from Stan, Steve and Indra. Looking forward to continued contributions.
 * Notes that HP has submitted re-contribution of previous contributions. Saikat will update the list on the wiki.

== KMIP v1.2 CoS Status ==
 * No comments up to this point
 * Saikat asked for test message to confirm it is operational - and it is - so still no comments - which is good.
 
== KMIP 1.3 Status ==
 * Specification - (deferred - Tony sick) 
 * Profiles - Tim working on it based on last weeks decisions on approach - hoping to target next week
 * Test Cases - Tim one test case is missing - will update for next week. Mark confirms. 
 * Usage Guide - Judy - working on it - expecting to send review version to those who provided comments and then will upload after confirming comments have been addressed.

== Face to Face (F2F) Planning and Logistics ==
 * We will run the two days as two separate meetings (as per last weeks decision)
 * Tony will put up a straw poll so we have numbers for Richard - that is still pending
 * Tim has update (from Tony) for PKCS#11 f2f - PKCS#11meeting dinner on Wed night - Cryptsoft, P6R available, Fornetix won't make it, Saikat+RichF local. SteveW available. SteveH available.
 * It makes sense to have a combined dinner - Tony/Saikat will coordinate. 
 * Friday - Saikat not available that day. Full agenda. 
 * Looked through the items at [[1.4]] and updated wiki 
 * Two items allocated to Saikat discussed - Error handling - 30 minute slot; Groups - defer unless someone else wants to present on the topic.

== RSA Interop ==
 * Tim updated status - interop is next week; expecting results back before f2f; 
 * Mark has only three server sheets - waiting on those. Tim suggested sending out email to the list.

== New Business ==
 * ChuckW/TimC - would like a 10-15 minute slot for next weeks meeting on update/rewrite/chainsawing use cases.
 * Saikat will add to agenda for next week.
 
== Call for late arrivals ==
 * Joshua

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H Moves
 * Jerry seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
==== Meeting Adjourned at 9:20PM GMT ====
