## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/October152015
## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/October012015
= Meeting Minutes October 15, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==

* Roll call
* Approve Agenda
* Approve minutes
* KMIP 1.3 Status
* KMIP 1.4 Status
* NIST800-57 Update (Chuck W)
* KMIP Query Extension information (David F)
* Proposed update to the description of the Revoke operation (Judy F)
* ASI change scheduling - KMIP v1.3 or v1.4 change?
* RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C)
* New business
* Adjourn


=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Bruce Moves
 * Tim C Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved

=== Motion to approve October 15th meeting minutes ===
 * https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/October152015
 * Tim H Moves
 * Dave F. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.3 status ==
 * Tim H - profiles - Still working on profiles document formatting, plan to send the updates before next week's call and then work on the rest


== KMIP 1.4 status ==
 * No updates


== NIST 800-57 Update ==
 * Chuck - Performed a study at a relatively high level on what matches with KMIP specification and what does not
 * Chuck - Destroyed Compromised state has been eliminated and suspended state has been added. Any idea why KMIP included Destroyed Compromised
 * Saikat - KMIP implemented Destroyed Compromised because previous version of NIST 800-57 had Destroyed Compromised. No rationale specified in updated NIST 800-57 of removing this state
 * Chuck - Pre-active state - no change, Active - state transition has serious impact on KMIP server implementation
 * Chuck - De-activated - Not much impact
 * Chuck - Destroying an active key does not make much sense
 * Chuck - Key management state model does not match up with the key state and transition model
 * Bruce - Human vs. computer making decision may have effect on the new state transition model
 * Hal - Destroying key while keeping key meta data for historical reasons, for audit purposes make perfect sense
 * Tim - KMIP specification mentions may/should but does not say recommend to keep Metadata
 * Tony - is this something that we need to amend in KMIP specification
 * Tim - We always go forward in terms of transition, we do not go back but new state model allows to go back in the transition model
 * Saikat - Propose that we come up with a concrete set of observations/findings and submit to NIST as KMIP TC instead of individual review comments. This will carry more weight
 * Action Item: Chuck to compile review comments and submit on behalf of KMIP TC. Tony will reach out to Chet for official process.


== David F. on Query Update ==
 * uploaded doc one line change to description of Query operation clarifies rather than changes to avoid the possibility of interpreting that two lists should come back
 * TimH - simple enough to add - and as it doesn't change it could / should go into KMIP 1.3
 * Tony - motion to add this to KMIP 1.3
 * TimH moves, JudyF seconds.
 * No objections. Motion passes


 

== Revoke operation ==
  * JudyF on Revoke operation
  * DaveF+TimH discussion which Judy participated in.
  * first item add CA compromise - straight forward
  * second issue is Compromise Occurrence Date - should this be shall or
should. earlier in spec is noted as should a bit like the context of suspend - when you know when something
occurred separate from when you are reporting it. if you have the
information on the date then it should be in place - but if it isn't
know then recommendation is to set to initial date or leave it blank.
 * Option 1 - make it clearer
 * Bruce's update also makes sense
 * Bruce - likes option 1 with minor english update.
 * Tony - motion to apply option 1 to KMIP 1.3
 * TimH moves, Krishna seconds
 * No objections. Motion passes.

== RSA2016 Interop ==
 * Tony C - update Full set of participants
 * First call Nov 4th - will be joint call between KMIP and PKCS#11
 * Assuming we will at least include KMIP 1.3, could also include KMIP 1.4
 * Judy - is interop open to others
 * Tony - believes only RSA partipants - will check
 * Tim - rules haven't changed - it is up to the participants
 * Judy - would like to do a plugfest or interop
 * Tim - Cryptsoft willing to do one in November if there is interest
 * Tony - anyone interested in a plugfest should let Tony know or send to
the list


== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * Krishna Y. joined the call


== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jerry seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved

= Meeting Adjourned at 8:40 PM GMT =
