= Meeting Minutes April 14, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 20:00 GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Minutes
 * Description/Comment proposal from Jerry
 * PKCS#12 Import
 * Discussion of Sensitive Attributes
 * KMIP 1.3 Status
 * New business
 * Adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Chevalier Moves
 * Tim Hudson Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Motion to approve April 7 Meeting Minutes ==
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Tim Chevalier Seconds
 * No Objections
 * No Abstentions
 * Minutes Approved

== Jerry Spec Changes ==
 * Chuck summarised
 * Do we want to look at things like Split Key and other operations
 * Tony - Usage Guide text for Jerry 
 * Tim - looks good to include

== Motion to approve April 7 Meeting Minutes ==
 * Motion to approve for inclusion in specification [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57941/latest/kmip-spec-v1.3-wd03-Desc-Comment.pdf]]
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Chuck seconds
 * Example or two and some prose for the usage guide to be provided to Judy

== PKCS#12 Import (Bruce Rich) ==
 * Bruce summaried two minor updates.
 * What about the secret data object not being a password comment from last week. Updated error table to report that issue.
 * Update test case example - Name attribute - changed to the x-ID approach

== Motion to approve Bruce's proposal ==
 * Motion to approve for inclusion in specification [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57949/latest/kmip-spec-v1.3-csprd01-plus-regp12-v2.pdf]]
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Alex seconds
 * Judy has what she needs for Usage Guide update but if she needs more will reach out to Bruce - not embracing the fullness of PKCS#12

== Discussion of Sensitive Attributes (Chuck White) ==
 * Chuck discussed the spreadsheet in summary. So far no feedback from TC members.
 * Perhaps a set of enumeration values will help generate feedback.
 * Walked through each tab in spreadsheet - examples are not completed - could be dozen or more additions to each 
 * Distribution is content in transit.
 * Tony suggests if there is a list of enumerations to get more engagements ... definition of the attributes - and enumerations.
 * Tim suggests some definitions of the three attributes (a paragraph or two) 

== Id Placeholder ==
 * Defer discussion for next week given David isn't on the call.
 * Some minor edits required (noted by Judy).
 * Topic for next week.

== KMIP 1.3 Status (Tony Cox) ==
 * Chet has everything he needs. Progressing.

== Call for new attendees ==
 * Jerry. Indra. 
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Chuck Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 20:24 GMT =
