= Meeting Minutes 14 July, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (July 7th)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony Cox)
  * Status
  * Ballot
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony Cox)
  * Comment/Description attributes (Gerald S)
 * Summer/Spring Face to Face (Tony Cox)
 * Summer/Spring PlugFest (Tony Cox)
 * Summer Schedule for TC weekly call
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H moves, Mark J seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

== Motion to approve July 7, 2016 meeting minute ==
 * Tim H moves, Gerry S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. [[MeetingMinutes/July072016|Minutes]] approved
 
== KMIP 1.3 ==
 
=== Comments (Tony C) ===
 * Tony has confirmed with Chet that the wording of the minutes is okay and just needs the approved minutes (which we have now just done)

=== Next Steps (Tony C) ===
 * Tony to raise ballot(s) with Chet 

== KMIP 1.4 ==
 
=== Comment/Description (Gerry S) ===
 * No update - Defer until next meeting

== Summer/Spring Face to Face (Tony Cox) ==
 * No volunteers yet - Tony to keep working on this. Expecting a 1.5 day face to face.

== Summer/Spring Plugfest (Tony Cox) ==
 * No update - Defer until next meeting
 
==  Summer Schedule for TC weekly call ==
 * No clear decision on summer schedule - will review based on content brought forward at next meeting.
 * Lots to get done with KMIP 1.4
 * Tim suggested that we continue on the weekly calls until we face a problem with getting quorum
 * No objections/comments - so we will continue on a weekly basis until further notice.

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 1 (one) attendees noted
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
* Tim C moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:11PM GMT =
