= Meeting Minutes April 28, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 20:00 GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Minutes (14th April 2016)
 * SP800-57 update (Chuck W) 
 * Administrator attributes update (Gerald S.) 
 * Sensitive Attributes update (Chuck W.)
 * Tape Library Profile update (Tim H.)
 * Plugfest update (Tony)
 * KMIP 1.3 Status (Tony)
 * New business
 * Adjourn

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Chuck Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Motion to approve April 14 Meeting Minutes ==
 * Tim H Moves
 * Chuck Seconds
 * No Objections
 * No Abstentions
 * Minutes Approved

==  SP800-57 update (Chuck W) ==
 * Not completed. Presentation Next Week.

== Administrator attributes update (Gerald S.) ==
 * Expects Usage Guide update for Judy next week.

== Sensitive Attributes update (Chuck W.) ==
 * Posted updated spreadsheet. Excellent feedback from Mark.
 * Q1 from Mark - secret and top-level secret noted - why two - this is multi-level security approach- considering labels as variations on attributes.
 * Mark - MLS doesn't let you have two labels. Happy to take discussion off line. 
 * Greg - note extra labels.
 * Messaging format - not server side processing - so the labels are allowing.
 * Chuck - this is a marking exercise - not a control exercise.
 * Mark - still have never seen two labels of Secret and Top Secret - other contexts make sense - just this one is something he has never seen.
 * Tim - perhaps USA-only and Five Eyes as an example would address Mark's concern.
 * Tony - thanks Chuck and Mark - probably taking this off line and with examples and prose that makes everyone happy
 * Chuck - update in 2 or 4 weeks

== Tape Library Profile update (Tim H.) ==
 * Contacted co-editors. No update as yet. 
 * Tony - will put on agenda for 2 or 4 weeks out after discussing offline.

== Plugfest update (Tony) ==
 * SNIA DSSS in September is interested.
 * Anyone who has further thoughts please let Tony know.

== KMIP 1.3 Status (Tony Cox) ==
 * Chet has everything he needs. Progressing.
 * Tony notes that he will be updating the KMIP 1.4 wiki with content.
 * Tony also notes we are getting questions from industry about when KMIP 2.0 will be out. Interesting to note.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Call for new attendees ==
 * None
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Chuck Moves
 * Tim H Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 20:21 GMT =
