= Meeting Minutes December 8, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (November 10, 2016)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.)
  * Specification and Profiles
  * Response to Comments
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.)
  * Update from Authors
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * RSA 2017 Interop planning (Tony C.)
 * Face to Face meeting planning (US-Bay Area 9-10 Feb 2017)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) Moves
 * Tim Chevalier (Tim C.) Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== December 1, 2016 Meeting Minutes ===
 * Tim H. - minutes were taken and posted but were not linked on the main meeting wiki page (now corrected)
 * Tony C - Defer accepting the minutes until next meeting.

== KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.) ==
 * No new comments from the current 60 day review period
 * Review period is almost over so far so good
 
== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ==
 * Test Cases & Profiles
  * Tim H indicated that there will be some updates (missing test links and some test case adjustment)
 * Usage Guide updates
  * Judy has posted to the list. In progress
  * Might require some additional usage guide text for new proposals

== KMIP 2.0 (Tony C.) ==
 * Looking for F2F agenda items

== RSA Interop planning (Tony C.) ==
 * Going well - all but one vendor up and running.
 * Vote to extend interop by a week did not pass so remaining with current plan.

== Face to Face meeting planning (US-Bay Area 9-10 Feb 2017) ==
 * Meeting dates have been set. Still waiting on confirmation that Thales can host.
 * Will need a poll for attendees so planning for numbers in person can be done.

=== Motion to approve to set up poll for f2f attendance ===
 * Tim H moves.
 * Gerry S seconds
 * No objections. No absentsions.
 * Motion approved. Tony will raise the straw poll. 
 
== Call for Late Attendees ==
 * One additional attendee

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion is approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:13PM GMT =
