## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/June022016
= Meeting Minutes June 23, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (June 2nd)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony Cox) - Profile Comments and Next steps
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony Cox) - Comment/Description attributes, Suite B profile, PCI DSS v3.2 impact
 * Summer/Spring Face to Face (Tony Cox)
 * Summer/Spring PlugFest (Tony Cox)
 * Summer Schedule for TC weekly call
 * Call for Additional Agenda Items
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Bruce Rich Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Motion to approve June 2, 2016 meeting minutes ==
 * Tim Chevalier Moves
 * Tim Hudson Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Meeting Minutes for June 2nd, 2016 approved

== KMIP 1.3 update (Tony Cox) ==
 * Received comments on the KMIP 1.3
 * Tim H. has uploaded updated Profiles document to address the comments
 * Test case document also has been uploaded to address the TC-admin comments about url
 * Comments are non-material and do not seem to require to go through public review again
 * Next step: TC members are encouraged to take a look at the comments and updated documents. We will have a majority vote to promote the four normative documents as committee specification
 
== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony Cox) ==
 * Administrator Attributes (Gerald Stueve) - Defer it to next weeks call
 * Suite B profile - Tim H.: CNSA - Government is creating a new standard for quantum resistant algorithm. Chuck White: Propose to create a new profile for CNSA to address this. Saikat: Agree with the approach
 * Tim H. and Chuck W. to collaborate on the draft proposal for a new CNSA profile
 * Defer the PCI-DSS 3.2 discussion to next week - Kevin Driver
 
== Summer/Spring Face to Face (Tony Cox) ==
 * September time frame
 * SDC 19 to 22 September (West Coast)
 * Looking for volunteer to host

== Summer/Spring Plugfest (Tony Cox) ==
 * September time frame
 * Working out the details

== Summer/Spring Weekly meeting schedule (Tony Cox) ==
 * Judy brought up th bi-weekly schedule in place of weekly call
 * Tim: Let us finish KMIP 1.3 action items and defer this until we finalize KMIP 1.3
 * Tony: July 7th TC weekly meeting is cancelled due to US Independence day holiday that week
 
== Callf for Additional Agenda Items ==
 * None

== Call for late arrivals - Tony C ==
 * Two new attendees
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim Hudson Moves
 * Tim Chevalier seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:25PM GMT =
