## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/Oct272016
= Meeting Minutes October 27, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Valerie Fenwick, Oracle new member joins KMIP TC. Tony welcomes Valerie to the KMIP TC
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call 
 * Approve Agenda 
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.) 
  * Specification and Profiles 
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
 * KMIP 2.0 (Tony C.) 
 * RSA Interop planning (Tony C.) 
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) Moves
 * Tim Chevalier (Tim C.) Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.) ==
 * One comment from Nitin Jain regarding AES GCM AAD (Additional Authenticated Data) Optional attribute
 * No serious comment thus far
 * Email discussions among Bob, Tim and Saikat regarding AES GCM AAD
 * Consensus: Notify to see later versions of the specification where this has been addressed
 * Tony to officially respond regarding this
 
== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ==
 * Looking to close off 1.4 content in November
 * Bob to send out uniqueness of names proposal before next week's call
 * Bob: Key management requirement in a multi-tenant environment needs to be address.
 * Tim: Let us address this in the Usage guide
 * Anthony: Uniqueness in domain/tenant creates an issue for re-key operation, unique identifier vs. unique name
 * Tony: Let us take this offline and discuss amongst interested parties
 * Bob: It seems like wider audience has interest in this. Let us discuss this in next week's call
 
== KMIP 2.0 (Tony C.) ==
 * Document editors are currently unchanged
 * Profile document editors Tim and Bob
 * Usage Guide: Indra  and Chuck KMIP 2.0 specification co-editors

== RSA Interop planning (Tony C.) ==
 * Jane sent out request for kick-off call with OASIS
 * Kick-off call with OASIS will be set up shortly
 * Interop process details and schedule will be published in next few days
 * Valerie: Want to understand what is the minimum KMIP version required to participate in the interop
 * Currently active standard is KMIP 1.2 as KMIP 1.3 is still in draft and KMIP 1.4 is under development
 * Let us finalize this as part of the interop sub-committee

 
=== Call for Late Attendees ===
 * No additional attendees

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim C. Moves
 * Greg Scott seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:31PM GMT =
