= Meeting Minutes November 10, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 9:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (October 20, 2016 & October 27, 2016)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.)
  * Specification and Profiles
  * Response to Comments
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.)
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * RSA 2017 Interop planning (Tony C.)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) Moves
 * Jerry Stueve (Jerry S.) Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve Meeting Minutes for October 20, 2016 and October 27, 2016 ===
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jerry S. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes for October 20, 2016 and October 27, 2016 Meetings are approved

== KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.) ==
 * No updates currently
 * No comments received at this point

== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ==
 * Need to start closing off 1.4 proposals entered into appropriate documents
 * Deprecate 3.2 verbiage on uniqueness (Bob L.)
  * Bob L. removing proposal to change Name Attribute verbiage
 * Tim working on
 * Jerry & Chuck looking to have proposals in next week
 * Suspended State moved to 2.0 after reminder from team to Bob L.
 * Last call date for updates for 1.4 due for November 17th meeting
 * Kevin Garber looking for test cases that apply to interoperability testing
  * Tim working on updates that are due by end of October 2016

== KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) ==
 * Continue name uniqueness discussion for multi-tenancy
 
== RSA 2017 Interop Planning ==
 * Meeting postponed hopefully happening next week
 * Older version support was ruled out last year
 * Goal was to show interoperability versus showcase vendor solutions

== Next Face to Face ==
 * Around RSA time frame
  * In conjunction with PKCS11
  * Valerie will setup a straw poll for PKCS11 to decide which day they want to do
   * Wednesday or Friday for PKCS11
 * Need to get a host for Face to Face meeting

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next meeting tentatively set for November 17th, 2016
 * No meeting on November 24, 2016 due to U.S. holiday

== Call for Additional Attendees ==
 * No new attendees

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jeff Bartell seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:46PM GMT =
