= Meeting Minutes February 25, 2015 =
== Meeting commenced 9:09AM PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)/Saikat Saha (Saikat S.)
 * Quorum achieved (Trust me-TC)

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Multiple Certificate Authorities (Bruce B.)
 * Import/Export (Anthony B.)
 * Multi-instance attribute index (John L.)
 * Sensitive Attributes (Chuck W.)
 * Attestation (David F. / Tim H.)
 * Recap on Error Code (Anthony B.)
 * Profiles and Interop (Tim H. / Mark J.)
 * Addition of CRLs (Tim H.)
 * KMIP 1.4/1.5/2.0 (Saikat S. / All)
 * Summer Plugfest (Tony C.)
 * Wrap Up (Tony C.)
 * Adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Chuck W. Moves
 * Tim C. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Multiple Certificate Authorities (Bruce B.) ==
 * https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57628/Choose%20A%20CA%20v3.pptx
 * Q: Is Issuer name informative enough? Perhaps "purpose" of CA would be better (Judy F.)
 * Could do more, is name adequate?

=== Action Items ===
 * Bruce R. to expand upon query more and revisit.
 
== Import/Export (Anthony B.) ==
 * https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57629/2016-02-24-F2F-Import-Export-Operation.pdf
 * Q: Export of wrapped objects? (Gerry S.)
 * Q: Purpose of this compared to backup/restore functions? (Steve W.)
 * Q: Import of already used UUIDs? (Bruce R.)
 * Q: Destroy function needs some definition (Chuck W.)
 * Item held for future discussion

== Multi-instance attribute index (John L.) ==
 * https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57611/Multi-instance%20Attribute%20Precedence.pdf
 * Q: IS this this just a first in last out  or some variant? (Tim C)
 * Presentation supplied by Tim H. re where this causes impacts.
 * https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/57630/2016-02-24-F2F-CryptographicParameters.pdf
 * Discussion re order of precedence for cryptographic operations (John L. Tim H. Chuck W. Bruce R.)
 * Least astonishment principle - order specified by client (Chuck W.)
 * Statement: Open to interpretation, up to current release, both interpretations should be correct (John L.)
 * Statement: If we accept both then the implication is that unacceptable outcomes for cryptographic implementations. There can be only one acceptable interpretation. Allowing two simply is non-interoperable. Only one vendor is suggesting that the specification should be able to be interpreted in an alternate non-interoperable manner and that interpretation requires accepting that non-interoperable outcomes are intended which is the opposite of the purpose of the specification. (Tim H.)
 * Statement: What form of words could be used to clarify in standard? 1.3/1.4? (Tony C.)
 * Statement: Does anyone agree that we need to put clarifying text in the standard? (All agreed)
 * Statement: Servers must respect the attribute order specified by the client when allocating attribute index numbers. (Tim H.)
 * Statement: Makes it clear how it should be implemented in future. (John L.)
 * Statement: Any statement being added is not intended to support an alternate interpretation in current implementations. (Tim H.)
 
=== To include the text requested by Tim above in the specification re servers (Servers must respect the attribute order specified by the client when allocating attribute index numbers.) ===
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Chuck W. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion approved

=== Action Item ===
 * Revisit the requirements or options for providing guidance for KMIP 1.2 and 1.3 (All)
 
== Sensitive Attributes (Chuck W.) ==
 * States to consider include pre-active, active, compromised and destroyed
 * Are there additional requirements
 * Potential use of new Enumeration text string type for 2.0 (Tim H.)
 * Chuck W. - this item may need to move to 2.0 - to discuss further

=== Action Item ===
 * Distribute a spreadsheet that contains attribute examples (Chuck W.)

== Recap on Error Code (Anthony B.) ==
 * Defer to post face to face
  
== Profiles and Interop (Tim H. / Mark J.) ==
 * Verification process matching
 * Anthony's Client/Server Correlation would alleviate the server side vendor burden
  * General consensus is it would be a good thing when server vendors polled
 * Automation of spreadsheet fill in would be a benefit for client to server communications
 * Cleanup recommended on responses are required, optional, etc... (Steve W.)
 * Four 1.4 test cases with only three tests implemented due to time
  
=== Motion to respond to SSIF with the following: If the client is performing operations outside of the existing test cases, then it is outside of profile conformance as defined in Section 4 and thus not a conforming client. ===
 * Bob L. Moves
 * John L. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion approved
 
=== Motion to draft an Errata document with co-authors of Tape Library profile document ===
 * Bob L. Moves
 * Chuck W. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion approved
 
=== Action Items ===
 * Create an Erratta addendum to clarify use of fewer query commands but not more query (Tim H.)

== KMIP 1.4/1.5/2.0 (Saikat S. / All) ==
 * Wiki list for [[https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/1.4|1.4]] is the current target with owners and interested parties assigned
 * Should we do a 1.5?
 * Items such as deprecation of items 

=== Motion To have release following 1.4 to move directly to 2.0 ===
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Bob L. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion approved
 
== Summer Plugfest (Tony C.) ==
 * Put it next to something such as a trade show or face to face
 * Goal to complete the specification and test cases
 * Align a face to face with the plugfest
 * Events that we could put it beside such as NIST workshop or SNIA event
 * Looking for date in August or September for F2F & plugfest

=== Action Items ===
 * Approach SNIA to see about participation as part of event

== New business ==
 * Schedule next meeting for third week of March (Saikat S.)
 * What are people hearing about KMIP in general? (Saikat S.)
 
== Call for late arrivals - Tony C. ==
 * No new attendees
 
== Motion to Officially thank NetApp for Hosting the face to face meeting ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Chuck W. seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 15:36PM PST =
