## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/Sept012016
= Meeting Minutes 8 September, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (September 1st)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony Cox)
  * Specification and Profiles
 * KMIP 1.4 content review (Tony Cox)
  * RSA PSS and RSA OAEP missing items - Bruce R
 * KMIP 2.0 (Tony C)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

==== Motion to approve Agenda ====
 * Tim H moves, Mark Joseph seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

==== Motion to approve September 1st, 2016 meeting minute ====
 * Greg moves, Anthony seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. [[MeetingMinutes/September012016|September 01st Minutes]] approved

== KMIP 1.3 ==
=== Specification and Profiles ===
 * TC Admin are finishing the processing of specification documents now, announcement should go out next week, Monday or so for the final public review

== KMIP 1.4 ==
 * Tony still working on collated work item list and hopes to have it available next week
 * Tony proposes to close out the comments in next 4-6 weeks. Notify Tony if you have any additional comments

==== Motion to add Request/Response Correlation to the KMIP 1.4 specification ====
 * Mark J moves. Greg seconds. No objects or abstentions. Motion passes.

=== RSA PSS and RSA OAEP missing items - Bruce R ===
 * Motion to include the RSA PSS and OAEP, two missing items to the KMIP 1.4 specification
 * Mark J. moves, Tim H seconds, No objects or abstentions. Motion passes.

=== KMIP 2.0 (Tony C) ===
 * Motion to initiate a request for TC Admin to start the KMIP 2.0 template documents for specification, profiles, test cases documents
 * Tim H moves, Mark J seconds, No objects or abstentions. Motion passes.

== Other topics (Tony C) ==
 * Tim H. Minor updates to KMIP 1.4 specification in regard to elliptic curve
 * Tony: Agenda is sent out one business day prior to the call to allow members sufficient time to go thru, send me any items to discuss beforehand

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * Two members noted.

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Anthony seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

= Meeting Adjourned at 8:15PM GMT =
