= Meeting Minutes 1 September, 2016 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (August 11th)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony Cox)
  * Specification and Profiles
 * KMIP 1.4 content review (Tony Cox)
  * Request / Response Correlation - Anthony B
  * AEAD support in Encrypt/Decrypt for GCM and CCM usage - Bruce R
  * RSA PSS and RSA OAEP missing items - Bruce R
 * GitHub Repository
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
==== Motion to approve Agenda ====
 * Tim H moves, Gerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

==== Motion to approve August 11th, 2016 meeting minute ====
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. [[MeetingMinutes/August112016|August 11th Minutes]] approved
 
== KMIP 1.3 ==
=== Specification and Profiles ===
 * TC Admin are processing the documents now, they should be posted in the next few days.

== KMIP 1.4 ==
 * Tony still working on collated work item list and hopes to have it available next week
 * Tony has notes of some additional items from some TC members - he has asked for proposals ASAP

=== Request / Response Correlation - Anthony B ===
 * Anthony walked through [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=58816|spec change proposal]]
 * Comments in support from Tim and Mark.

==== Motion to add Request/Response Correlation to the KMIP 1.4 specification ====
 * Mark J moves. Greg seconds. No objects or abstentions. Motion passes.

=== RSA PSS and RSA OAEP missing items - Bruce R ===
 * Bruce walked through [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=58811|spec change proposal]] and [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=58812|test cases]]
 * During implementation noted that some things were missing that are optional parameters which were missing.
 * Test case using normal defaults doesn't work in Java - needs to specify the salt length - this indicates we need to add more parameters into cryptographic parameters.
 * Even number are for verification. 2,4,6 are using different hash sizes. 8 is showing where the inside hash is different - so this is a good test that parameters are being checked. 10 shows 8 (different hashes) but also uses a non-null pSource.
 * Tim notes that we will need to update the PSS example in the profile for KMIP 1.4 - on his list of changes.
 * Pick this up next week after folks who have had a change to review. Gerry S would prefer next week on this one.

=== AEAD support in Encrypt/Decrypt for GCM and CCM usage - Bruce R ===
 * Bruce's proposal from approx three weeks back [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=58703|spec updates for GCM]]
 * Need mechanism on the encrypt side to provide the additional data on tag length and a way to get the value out, with the corresponding decrypt needs to be able to pass in the optional additional data in the byte stream coming in.

==== Motion to add AEAD/GCM changes to the KMIP 1.4 specification ====
 * Mark J moves. Tim C seconds. No objects or abstentions. Motion passes.

=== Other KMIP 1.4 notes ===
 * Tony to get 1.4 documentation up to date for identifiers
 * Tim reminded that PKCS11 TC needs some identifiers
 * Tony noted that Tim will need to communicate the assigned block to the P11 TC once the 1.4 spec is updated

== GitHub Repository ==
 * Request has been submitted. Tony will update once there is a result from TC Admin.
 
== Other topics (TOny C) ==
 * None

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * Two members noted.
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Chuck seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:28PM GMT =
