## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/March252016
= Meeting Minutes March 24, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 9:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call 
 * Approve Agenda 
 * Approve minutes (24th & 25th Feb - Face to Face) 
 * PKCS#12 import - create proposal and test cases (Bruce R.)  
 * Link Handling - Bring forward a proposal (Tim H. & Mark J.) 
 * SP800-57 update - create a proposal for enumerations and attributes (Chuck W) 
 * PKCS#11 alignment - create proposal to add attributes - Sensitive and Extractable (Bob L.) 
 * Administrator attributes - create a proposal for the attributes that can be added/modified/deleted by a key administrator or user (Gerald S.) 
 * Multiple CA handling - expand upon query more and revisit for (Bruce R.) 
 * Sensitive Attributes - Distribute a spreadsheet that contains attribute examples (Chuck W.) 
 * Tape Library Profile - Create an Erratta addendum to clarify use of fewer query commands but not more query (Tim H.) 
 * Plugfest - Approach SNIA to see about participation as part of event (Tony) 
 * New business 
 * Adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve minutes for 24th 25th Feb ===
 * Tim H Moves
 * Mark J Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== PKCS#12 Import (Bruce R.) ==
 * Bruce walked through material posted to list prior to meeting
 * Alias/Friendly Name not handled in Get
 * Case insensitive - folds to lowercase; so might want to define a new attribute for this
 * Mark J thinks this makes sense. Tony agrees adding a new attribute makes sense.

=== Motion to approve adding PKCS#12 Friendly Name  ===
 * As a single value TextString 
 * Jerry moves
 * Mark seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion approved 

== Link Handling - Bring forward a proposal (Tim H. & Mark J.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting

== SP800-57 update - create a proposal for enumerations and attributes (Chuck W) ==
 * Defer to next meeting - Chuck not on call.

== PKCS#11 alignment - create proposal to add attributes - Sensitive and Extractable (Bob L.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting - Bob not on call.

== Administrator attributes - create a proposal for the attributes that can be added/modified/deleted by a key administrator or user (Gerald S.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting - Bob not on call.

== Multiple CA handling - expand upon query more and revisit for (Bruce R.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting

== Sensitive Attributes - Distribute a spreadsheet that contains attribute examples (Chuck W.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting - Chuck not on call.

== Tape Library Profile - Create an Erratta addendum to clarify use of fewer query commands but not more query (Tim H.)  ==
 * Tim has reached out to co-editors of profile and is in progress.

== Plugfest - Approach SNIA to see about participation as part of event (Tony) ==
 * Tony has had multiple requests; has not yet talked with SNIA about it. Defer to next meeting.

== New business ==
 * Judy notes - public review completed with no comments on 1.3 Specification and Usage Guide.
 * Tim noted that Profiles and Test Cases haven't been through - from Jan 14th meeting.

== Late arrivals ===
 * Joe B.
 * Justin C.

== Motion to Adjourn == 
 * Tim C. Moves
 * Tim H. seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved/not approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:25PM GMT =
