= Meeting Minutes December 1, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (November 17, 2016)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.)
  * Specification and Profiles
  * Response to Comments
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.)
  * XTS Proposal (Tim H.)
  * Test Cases (Tim H.)
  * Profiles (Tim H.)
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * RSA 2017 Interop planning (Tony C.)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve November 17, 2016 Meeting Minutes ===
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.) ==
 * No new comments from the current 60 day review period
 * Review period is almost over (two weeks to go)
 
== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ==
 * XTS Handling Proposal (Tim H.)
   * Test cases will be included
   * John L - is x-Link custom attributes going to be acceptable for later version? Tim H - not what we normally do.
   * Tim C / Judy - profile status? Tim H - working on it - will get that out as soon as possible; will include full life-cycle
   * Tim H - RSA 2017 interop will include the AESXTS test cases (agreement between the participants)
   * Usage Guide Text - Tim H / Judy will work on this for AES-XTS
 * Test Cases uploaded for version 1.4 interop including draft Test Cases documentation
 * Profile document is uploaded
  * No updates
 * Spec uploaded
  * Some updates pending
 * Usage Guide updates
  * Might require some additional usage guide text for new proposals; Judy will get a version out with a note as to what is missing as per last call discussion.
 * Tim H - next step is committee specification drafts - Tony C - aim to get work completed for upload for next weeks call - full majority decision - can be done on call or via ballot.

== KMIP 2.0 (Tony C.) ==
 * Looking for F2F agenda items

== Face to Face Meeting ==
 * Straw Poll for KMIP meeting days finished 25 votes for Thu+Fri
 * Tony will post details of location once we have that.

== RSA Interop planning (Tony C.) ==
 * Been busy week. AESXTS testing will be included. Participants ready to commence testing on Monday.
 * Hancom Secure and Kryptus are new participants which is great to see.
 * Booth layouts being discussed between participants.
 
== Call for Late Attendees ==
 * One additional attendee

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion is approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 08:22PM GMT =
