= Meeting Minutes 11 August, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (August 4th)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony Cox)
  * Specification and Profiles
 * KMIP 1.4 content review (Tony Cox)
 * GitHub Repository
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
==== Motion to approve Agenda ====
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

==== Motion to approve August 4th, 2016 meeting minute ====
 * Tim H moves, Mark J seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. [[MeetingMinutes/August042016|August 4th Minutes]] approved
 
== KMIP 1.3 ==
=== Specification and Profiles ===
 * TC Admin are processing the documents now, they should be posted in the next few days.

== KMIP 1.4 ==
 * Tony still working on collated work item list and hopes to have it available next week
 * Tony has notes of some additional items from some TC members - he has asked for proposals ASAP

=== GCM Proposal and Profile ===
 * Bruce briefly introduced his proposal for GCM
 * Tony to get 1.4 documentation up to date for identifiers
 * Bruce noted that the PKCS11 TC needs some identifiers
 * Tony noted that Tim will need to comunicate the assigned block to the P11 TC once the 1.4 spec is updated
 * Tim walked through his test cases - more work is required to include a more detailed test case

== GitHub Repository ==
 * Tony: OASIS have made an official GitHub Repository service available and each TC may apply for a repository.
 * Tony: noted that a TC motion or ballot is required to apply for a KMIP GitHub Repository
==== Motion to have the TC Co-Chairs request a KMIP TC GitHub Repository ====
 * Tim H moves, Gerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. 
 * Tony to progress request noting the scope as Test Cases and Profile Test Cases and the account holders as Bob L, Tim H and Mark J (as relevant document editors) the Co-Chairs.
 
== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * None
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
* Tim H moves, Alex seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:19PM GMT =
