= Meeting Minutes February 18, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 9:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call
 * Approve Agenda
 * F2F discussion
 * Tape Library Profile discusison (SSIF)
 * New business
 * Adjourn
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Justin Corlett (Justin C.) Moves
 * Gerald Stueve Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== F2F discussion (Responsible Person) ==
 * Tony C. putting agenda together
 * TR31 review to finalize if not already done Bob Lockhart (Bob L.) to verify and present
 * Adding Tape Library Profile for SSIF to F2F discussion (Tony C.)
 * Add segment for Indra Fitzgerald (Indra F.) to present.  Will provide details to Tony C. 
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) to lead general profiles discussion
 
== Tape Library Profile discussion (Tony C.) ==
 * Need to discuss potential updates at F2F on issues mentioned by SSIF via email

== Additional Business ==
 * KMIP Interop Results to be published by Tony C.
 * Saikat Saha (Saikat S.)cancelled weekly call during RSA conference
 * Bob L. suggested remove current weekly February 25th and add the full day meetings to the calendar instead

== Action Items ==
 * Tony C. to update January 14th meeting minutes with package information
 * Bob L. to review TR31 and provide update as needed for F2F
 * Indra F. to email Tony C. with presentation information for F2F
 * Tony C. to provide dial in for remote participants in F2F

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Justin C. Moves
 * Tim Chevalier seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved/not approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:20PM GMT =
