## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/January72015
## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/December172015
= Meeting Minutes January 7, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 21:00 GMT ==
 * Roll called by Saikat Saha (Saikat)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve minutes for December 17th
 * KMIP 1.3 Review
	* Profiles document for review until next meeting
        * Motion next week to approve profiles document to committee specifcation draft
        * Public review specification and profiles document as normative and usage guide and informative. No use case document in 1.3 like 1.2
 * KMIP 1.4 Review
 * Face to Face Meeting
 * RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C.)


=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) Moves
 * Krishna Yellepeddy (Krishna) Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Motion to approve December 17th, 2015 meeting minutes ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jeff Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved
 
== KMIP 1.3 Review (Saikat) ==
 * Saikat: Big thank you to Tim for the gigantic task of formatting profiles as well as testcase document
 * Saikat: TC members are requested to review the profiles and test case document. We will make a motion to move these documents to CSD/CND in next weeks call
 * Saikat: Submitted both KMIP 1.3 specification and Usage Guide to promote as Committee Specification Draft. It seems process has been combined for public review
 * Tony: Working with Chet, since this is the first public review, OASIS needs 30-day review, subsequent reviews can be 15 day review
 * Saikat: Since the OASIS admin process is initiated already, hopefully we can release KMIP 1.3 pretty soon
 
== KMIP 1.4 Status (Saikat) ==
 * Topics discussed in December will be presented as proposals for KMIP 1.4 at the face to face
 * Tim: Also include feedback from RSA 2016. We typically receive huge amount of feedback during the RSA conference. 

== Face to Face Meeting 2016 (Tony C.) ==
 * Saikat: Everyone please send proposals for face to face discussion
 * Saikat: We will put together a wiki page like last face to face with all items/topics for discussion
 * Tony: We need to decide if we want to increase the scope of KMIP 1.4 with new topics from face to face or proceed with existing topics

== RSA2016 Interop Update (Tony C.) ==
 * Minimum update due to holiday, planned to start over on Monday
 
== Call for late arrivals (Saikat) ==
 * Two attendees late, added to the attendance list
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Jeff seconds
 * No abstentions
 * No objections
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 21:20 GMT =
