= Meeting Minutes October 13, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (September 8th)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.)
  * Specification and Profiles
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.)
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * RSA 2017 Interop planning (Tony C.)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim Hudson (Tim H.) Moves
 * Tim Chevalier (Tim C.) Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

=== Motion to approve Meeting Minutes for September 8th ===
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * September 8th Minutes approved 

== KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.) ==
 * TC Admin personally thanks Chet and team to get document released for public review
 * 60 day public review in process through early December
 * Attempting to push OASIS wide vote prior to Holidays
 
== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ==
 * Need to start closing off 1.4 proposals entered into appropriate documents
 * Deprecate 3.2 verbiage on uniqueness (Bob L.)
  * Option to provide warning in specification it is subject to change without notice in 2.0
  * Option to specify UUID size limit
  * Bob L. to provide proposal for discussion with Mark Joseph, Tim H.
 * Potential last call date for updates for 1.4

== KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) ==
 * Begin by removing deprecated items from 2.0
 * Looking for second editor for 2.0 Specification document
 
== RSA 2017 Interop Planning ==
 * Need to get moving on testing
 * Initial rules document sent out yesterday but link not forwarded, resent by Tony C. 10/13
 * Will need to have TC vote on rules document once reviewed
 * Discussion on what versions to be supported for testing (section 7.4 of document)
  * Proposal to add verbiage that defines minimums for testing
 * Timeline is being worked on by Tony C.
  * Targetting starting First week of December
  * Wrap up testing by beginning of holidays
  * Thanks to Jeff Bartell for assisting with timeline
 * Changes to event being worked on by Jane and Dee

== Call for Additional Attendees ==
 * No new attendees

== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:31PM GMT =
