## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/March242016
## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/March252016
= Meeting Minutes March 31, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 9:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll call 
 * Approve Agenda 
 * Approve minutes (24th March) 
 * PKCS#12 import - create proposal and test cases (Bruce R.)  
 * Link Handling - Bring forward a proposal (Tim H. & Mark J.) 
 * SP800-57 update - create a proposal for enumerations and attributes (Chuck W) 
 * PKCS#11 alignment - create proposal to add attributes - Sensitive and Extractable (Bob L.) 
 * Administrator attributes - create a proposal for the attributes that can be added/modified/deleted by a key administrator or user (Gerald S.) 
 * Multiple CA handling - expand upon query more and revisit for (Bruce R.) 
 * Sensitive Attributes - Distribute a spreadsheet that contains attribute examples (Chuck W.) 
 * Tape Library Profile - Create an Erratta addendum to clarify use of fewer query commands but not more query (Tim H.) 
 * Plugfest - Approach SNIA to see about participation as part of event (Tony) 
 * KMIP 1.3 status
 * New business 
 * Adjourn
 
== Motion to approve Agenda ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Gerry (Gerald S.) Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved 

== Motion to approve minutes for 24th March ==
 * Tim C Moves
 * Tim H Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved 

== PKCS#12 Import (Bruce R.) ==
 * Bruce will proceed with the test case and specification amendments for PKCS#12 registration and get
 * This is amendment to test case not profile test case
 * Bruce will present in next week's TC call

== Link Handling - Bring forward a proposal (Tim H. & Mark J.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting

== SP800-57 update - create a proposal for enumerations and attributes (Chuck W) ==
 * Defer to next to next meeting, two weeks out - Chuck

== PKCS#11 alignment - create proposal to add attributes - Sensitive and Extractable (Bob L.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting - Bob not on call.

== Administrator attributes - create a proposal for the attributes that can be added/modified/deleted by a key administrator or user (Gerald S.) ==
 * Defer to next meeting - Gerry

== Multiple CA handling - expand upon query more and revisit for (Bruce R.) ==
 * Defer to next to next meeting, two weeks out - Bruce

== Sensitive Attributes - Distribute a spreadsheet that contains attribute examples (Chuck W.) ==
 * Chuck has already sent out during face to face meeting
 * TC members are encouraged to review and provide feedback in next weeks call

== Tape Library Profile - Create an Errata addendum to clarify use of fewer query commands but not more query (Tim H.)  ==
 * Tim has reached out to co-editors of profile and will provide an update in next weeks call

== Plugfest - Approach SNIA to see about participation as part of event (Tony) ==
 * Tony has had multiple requests including requests from outside of KMIP TC 
 * Tony proposes June timeframe face to face in the Bay Area
 * Any participating company can volunteer to host

==  KMIP 1.3 status  ==
 * Tony has posted all the minutes and updated minutes are posted at the request of TC admin
 * TC admin now has everything needed to send the KMIP 1.3 test case and profile documents for public review

== New business ==
 * None

== Call for late arrivals ==
 * None

==  Motion to Adjourn == 
 * Gerry Moves
 * Tim H. seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
== Meeting Adjourned at 9:20PM GMT ==
