= Meeting Minutes 4 August, 2016 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (July 14th)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony Cox)
  * Test Cases and Usage Guide
  * Specification and Profiles
  * Review KMIP v1.3 SoUs
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony Cox)
  * Comment/Description attributes (Gerald S)
 * Summer/Spring Face to Face (Tony Cox)
 * Summer/Spring PlugFest (Tony Cox)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H moves, Gerry S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

== Motion to approve July 14, 2016 meeting minute ==
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. [[MeetingMinutes/July142016|Minutes]] approved
 
== KMIP 1.3 ==
 
=== Test Cases and Usage Guide ===

Ballots still have 5 hours to run. Looks good so far.

=== Specification and Profiles ===

Ballots passed with very clear majority. Expecting those up hopefully this week. Next step is SoUs.

=== Review KMIP v1.3 SoUs ===

Tony has reviewed all three - Cryptsoft, Fornetix and P6R. Tony considers them eligible.
Tim said he checked status against interop results. As has Tony. Tim willing to make motion.

== Motion to approve three statements of use as posted ==

[[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/58650/latest/KMIP-SOU-Cryptsoft-29-Jul-2016.pdf|Cryptsoft]]
[[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/58651/latest/Fornetix%20KMIP%201.3%20Statement%20of%20Use.pdf|Fornetix]]
[[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/58654/latest/KMIP-SOU-P6R-4-AUG-2016.pdf|P6R]]

Tim H moved. Tim C seconds. No objections or abstentions. Motion passes.  

== Motion to approve co-Chairs to move Kmip v1.3 spec url as candidate oasis standard request ==

Once the committee spec is posted by Chet, "I move to approve the co-Chairs requesting that TC Administration hold a Special Majority Vote to approve submitting <Committee Specification KMIP Specification v1.3 Committee Specification 01 at <URL> to Committee Specification as a Candidate OASIS Standard."((insert precise wording from Tony that he read out on the call))

Bruce R moved. Gerry S seconds. No objections or abstentions. Motion passes.  

== Motion to approve co-Chairs to move Kmip v1.3 profile url as candidate oasis standard ==

Once the committee spec is posted by Chet, "I move to approve the co-Chairs requesting that TC Administration hold a Special Majority Vote to approve submitting <Committee Specification KMIP Profiles v1.3 Committee Specification 01 at <URL> to Committee Specification as a Candidate OASIS Standard."
((insert precise wording from Tony))

Bruce R moved. Gerry S seconds. No objections or abstentions. Motion passes.  

== KMIP 1.4 ==

Tony has notes of some additional items from some TC members - he has asked for proposals in the next two weeks if possible as we do need to wrap up v1.4.

=== Comment/Description (Gerry S) ===
 * Gerry has posted something. It is simple. Judy would like an example to be added. Gerry will email one out. That will close this item.

== Summer/Spring Face to Face (Tony Cox) ==
 * Not enough interest as yet to pin down a time or location - might need to push this back or hold off until next year. Will leave open for another week or two then close it off.

== Summer/Spring Plugfest (Tony Cox) ==
 * Not enough interest as yet to pin down a time or location - might need to push this back or hold off until next year. Will leave open for another week or two then close it off.
 
== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * None
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
* Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 8:18PM GMT =
