= Meeting Minutes 16 November, 2017 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (November 09, 2017)
 * Take KMIP v1.4 to ISO 
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
  * Review KMIP v2.0 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.0)
  * Profile Name Update
 * Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query
 * Destroy Operation Query
 * Usage Masks Discussion
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Justin C moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve October 12, 2017 meeting minutes =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/09Nov2017|November 9, 2017]]
 * Greg S moves, Sue G seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved


== Take KMIP v1.4 to ISO ==
 *  Deferred

== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
 * Tony stated that OASIS wide org vote is still underway - emails have been sent out to Org Reps for TC members. Positive votes are being lodged 

already

== KMIP 2.0 Update - Tony C ==
=== Review KMIP v2.0 wiki ===
 * Tony C reviewed items at [[https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.0]]
 * Agreed that members with proposals outstanding shoudl provide an updated ETA with a view to have all proposals available by December 15, 2017
 * Tony finalising editorial aspects of the spec drafting and should have draft uploaded by next meeting

=== Profile Name Update ===
 * Tim H presented proposal
 * TC to review proposal with a view to finalising at next meeting

== Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query ==
 * Tim to provide reviewed response

== Destroy Operation Query ==
 * Tim provided a rsponse on the usage of the destroy operation
 * This item is being clarified in the kMIP 2.0 specification
 * Tim stated that test cases will appear in KMIP 2.0 to chow how this is handled

== Usage Masks Discussion ==
 * Nitin posed a question regarding export usage
 * Tim H indicated that Export has nothing to do with Get as it was not defined to impact the Get operation
 * Nitin to make a proposal and provide to Tim and Mark for review prior to presenting to the TC
 * Tim to propose spec wording at next meeting

=== New Item ===
 * None

=== Next Meeting ===
 * November 30, 2017

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 2 members

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Greg S moves, Bruce R seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
== Meeting Adjourned at 2:38 US-PST ==
