= Meeting Minutes 2 March, 2017 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (February 23, 2017)
 * Face to Face AI Review - https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/F2F-AIs-Feb2017
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
 * Update from authors 
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) 
 * RSA2018 Interop signup 
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

==== Motion to approve Agenda ====
 * Tim H moves, Chuck seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

==== Motion to approve February 23, 2017 meeting minutes ====
https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/Feb232017
 * Tim H moves, Jerry seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved
 
== Face to Face AI Review (Tony C.) ==
 * action items posted to https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/F2F-AIs-Feb2017
 * they are organized by the presentations made at the F2F

=== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ===
 * Tony C would like to get the 1.4 docs wrapped 

==== Update from Authors ====
 * Tim H will have updates to the profiles and test cases will have an update for next week
 * Judy is waiting for people to provide their updates to the usage guide

=== KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) ===
 * no major updates, waiting for 1.4 to get wrapped up before starting major work
 * action items to stay in the wiki

== RSA 2018 Interop signup (Tony C.) ==
 * invitation from Jane has been sent out

== Additional Items ==
 * Tony C to add additional column to the F2F AI wiki for due date

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * Bob Thales, Steve HPE, Radhika Oracle

 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Chuck seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

 
= Meeting Adjourned at 14:15 US-PST =
