= Meeting Minutes January 26, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 8:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (January 26, 2016)
 * KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.)
  * Specification
  * Profiles
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.)
  * Update from Authors
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * RSA 2017 Interop Testing (Tony C.)
  * Testing
 * Face to Face meeting planning (US-Bay Area 9-10 Feb 2017)
  * Venue
  * Attendance
  * Agenda
 * Joint KMIP & P11 TC Dinner
 * Meeting time review (future meetings)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Valerie: Addition of the joint TC dneer with PKCS11 TC
 * Valerie F  Moves
 * Gerry S. Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Agenda approved

=== Motion to approve December 1st and December 8th Meeting Minutes ===
 * TimC Moves
 * GregS - Seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.3 update (Tony C.) ==
 * KMIP 1.3 Specification document passed approval
 * KMIP 1.3 Profiles passed approval
 * Tony: Chet has indicated publication of both OS documents this week

== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ==
 * Tony: Still working on KMIP 1.4 Spec WD, request authors of other documents to get any updates loaded ASAP

== KMIP 2.0 (Tony C.) ==
 * Tony: Compiling a lit of candidate items for KMIP 2.0
 * Wide and diverse list, will be filtered at the F2F using the 3 interested party practice.

== RSA Interop planning (Tony C.) ==
 * Tony: Jane is requesting booth allocations now
 * Logistics call with Jane H next Wednesday
 * Testing and test sheets are complete - Still collating results for presentation to the TC prior to the RSA event

== Face to Face meeting planning (US-Bay Area 9-10 Feb 2017) ==
 * Still on track - if anyone needs to alter their attendance, please contact BobL directly (copy chairs)

== Joint KMIP & PKCS11 Dinner ==
 * Tony: Ballot for funding is in progress with IDTrust - should be ok
 * Valerie: Suggested that we consider either Scratch or Piattis (closer to P11 meeting)
 * Tony: request opinion from the group as to venue
 * Tony: No opinions noted - Piatti's (Italian) is closer to P11 meeting
 * Greg: As long as it's not MREs, I'm happy.
 * Tony & Valerie to arrange a booking at Piattis and straw polls for both TCs to track attendance at the dinner - double ups on both TCS will be handled.

== Meeting Time ==
 * Ballot still in progress - please lodge your votes if you haven't done so already.

== New Business ==
 * Saikat: Noted the KMIP v1.3 OS Specification and Profiles documents have now been published.
 * Tony: We should all be proud of that effort - For folks with customers requesting KMIP 1.3 capability or details, the links are in the email so feel free to broadcast.

== Call for late attendees ==
 * Two additional attendee marked

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * TimC Moves
 * Valerie seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion is approved

= Meeting Adjourned at 8:18 PM GMT =
