= Meeting Minutes 8 June, 2017 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (June 1, 2017)
 * KMIP Co-Chair
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
  * Specification - Next steps
  * Profiles - Next steps
 * Patterns proposal - Nitin
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

== Motion to approve Agenda ==
 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

== Motion to approve June 1, 2017 meeting minutes ==
 * [[MeetingMinutes/01Jun2017|June 1, 2017]]
 * Gerry moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved


== KMIP TC Co-Chair ==
 * Saikat stated that at this stage, he wishes to resign as KMIP TC Co-Chair effective immediately
===== Motion to recognise Saikat's Service as Co-Chair =====
 * Motion to recognise and thank Saikat for his service as KMIP TC Co-Chair since 2013
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved


=== New Co-Chair ===
 * Tony has spoken to a range of folks who have volunteered in some way for the role of Co-Chair and thanked all of those folks fopr their offers. Preference would be for someone who can take on the role actively.
 * Tony nominated Judy F as candidate for the role of KMIP TC Co-Chair. Judy F Seconded the nomination.
 * Tony called for further nominations - none were made.

===== Motion to elect Judy F as new KMIP TC Co-Chair =====
 * Greg moved, Gerry S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments.
 * Judy F announced as KMIP TC Co-Chair by unanimous voice vote.

== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
=== KMIP 1.4 Spec- Next steps ===
 * SMV ballot should be raised in the next few days.
 * Tony requested all members to vote promptly.

=== KMIP 1.4 Profiles - Next steps ===
 * SMV ballot should be raised in the next few days.
 * Tony requested all members to vote promptly.

=== Patterns Proposl - Nitin J ===
 * Nitin walked through the proposal regarding wildcard searches.
 * Nitin and Anthony answered questions regarding the proposal.
 * Agreed that a Specification change redline is the next step. 
 * Requested Nitin and Anthony to provided the changes once KMIP V2.0 draft is available
 * Judy F requested that usage guide be provided as it will be important for a feature like this.

=== New Item ===
 * Requested members to review prior to a scheduled discussion next week.

=== Next Meeting ===
 * June 15, 2017

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 2 members

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Tim C moves, Gerry S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
== Meeting Adjourned at 2:26 US-PST ==
