= Meeting Minutes June 15, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 9:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (June 8, 2017) 
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
  * Specification - Next Steps
  * Profiles - Next Steps
 * Patterns Proposal - Nitin
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

=== Motion to approve Agenda for June 15, 2017 ===
 * Chuck W. Moves,  Tim C. Seconds, No objections, No abstentions
 * Motion approved

== Motion to approve June 8, 2017 Meeting Minutes ==
 * Tim C. Moves, Jeff B. Seconds, No objections, No abstentions
 * Motion approved
 
== KMIP 1.4 Update (Tony C.) ==
=== KMIP 1.4 Specification - Next Steps ===
 * Ballot looks to have passed for both normative documents with 22 of 26 yes votes and 4 non-voting with two days left on ballot
 * Will need two more Statements of Use (SOU) to move forward to standard vote
  * Cryptsoft has already submitted SOU
  * HP, P6R & Fornetix are working on SOU
 * All statements of use require participation in a plug fest
=== KMIP 1.4 Profiles - Next Steps ===
 * Same status as Specification for ballot

== New number status ==
 * Appears to be good for the majority so will make dial in number and access code permanent

== Next meeting ==
 * Next meeting is scheduled for June 29, 2017 at the regular time (9:00PM GMT)

== Ballot Reminder Email Issue ==
 * Links were reversed in email so that spec link was to profile & vice versa
 * Comment on typo that is correct in Profiles and Use Cases documents
 * Tony will check with Chet on ways to remediate
 
== Call for late arrivals (Tony C.) ==
 * No new attendees
 
== Motion to Adjourned ==
 * Tim H. Moves
 * Tim C. seconds
 * No objections
 * No abstentions
 * Motion Approved
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:17PM GMT =
