= Meeting Minutes 09 November, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (October 12, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * Enum tags in  KMIP 2.0
 * Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query
 * Destroy Operation Query
 * Take KMIP v1.4 to ISO
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Chuck W moves, Justin C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve October 12, 2017 meeting minutes =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/12Oct2017|October 12, 2017]]
 * Greg S moves, Kevin M seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved


== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
 * Tony C reported Spec & Profiles have completed public review and are now in the OASIS Organisational consent ballot process.
 * Tony will reach out to Org reps for TC members and request that votes be cast for both the spec and the profiles (2 votes)

== KMIP 2.0 Update - Tony C ==
 * Tony C reoported spec is still being drafted - working on proposals accepted at F2f (some needed additional detail and/or had unforseen 

impacts on other spec areas)

== Enum tags in  KMIP 2.0 ==
 * Tony/Bruce: Item has been dropped as there was little evidence it would help.

== Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query ==
 * Deferred to next week.

== Destroy Operation Query ==
 * Deferred to next week.

== Take KMIP v1.4 to ISO ==
 *  James Clark from OASIS to join call and brief TC
 * Likely ISO home will be in one of the JTC1 groups

=== New Item ===
 * None

=== Next Meeting ===
 * November 16, 2017

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 1 members

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Gerry S moves, Matt O seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
== Meeting Adjourned at 2:13 US-PST ==
