= Meeting Minutes 23 March, 2017 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (March 9, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
  * Specification - PR Comments
  * Profiles - Tim H
  * Test Cases - Tim H
  * Usage Guide - Judy F
  * AI Update - [[1.4]]
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) 
  * Update from authors
  * AI Update - [[2.0]]
 * September plugfest
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve March 9, 2017 meeting minutes =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/Mar092017|March 9, 2017]]
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved
 
=== KMIP 1.4 Spec update (Tony C.) ===
 * Comment resolution log
 * Gerry S noted an error in the Section 1.1 Table (Tony to add to comment register)
 * Anthony B noted an item he will post the list (Tony to add to comment register)

=== KMIP 1.4 Profiles update (Tim H.) ===
 * Update posted with deltas shown. 
 * Request all members to review with a view to making a motion to take document to Committee Specication Draft and PR at next meeting

=== KMIP 1.4 Usage Guide update (Judy F.) ===
 * Complete - will update a few items for review next week and then we can move towards Committee Note Draft (CND) in a subsequent meeting.

=== KMIP 1.4 Test Cases update (Tim H.) ===
 * Provided update. Document shows delta to previous version. 
 * Request all members to review with a view to moving towards CND at next meeting

==== Reviewed KMIP v1.4 AIs ====
 * Reviewed AIs at [[1.4]]

=== KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) ===

==== Reviewed KMIP v2.0 AIs ====
 * Deferred review of 2.0s AIs at [[2.0]] until next week.

==== Update from Authors ====
 * All authors waiting until 1.4 docs get to CSD/CND before commencing further

== September plugfest (Tony C.) ==
 * Tony outlined the plugfest details
  * Held as part of the SNIA Storage Developer Conference in September 2017 in Santa Clara
  * SNIA would welcome a KMIP plugfest.
  * Costs would be approx. $2.5k per company - that covers setup, operational & promotional costs plus food & beverages for 2 people. Extra people from an organisation will be an additional cost ($TBA)
  * Participation 
  * Seeking 2 underwriters (sponsors). Cost is yet to be determined but at previous events underwriter fees were approx $4k-5k and include naming rights for the event.\
  * Event is more technically focused and less formal than the RSA event. It is also open to non-OASIS members.
 * Tony to raise a straw poll for participation as a starting point.

== Additional Items ==
 * None

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 2 noted
 
===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

 
= Meeting Adjourned at 14:20 US-PST =
