= Meeting Minutes 3 August, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (July 06, 2017)
 * KMIP Co-Chair
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
  * Spec & Profiles
  * Usage Guide
  * Test Cases
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Tim H moves, Gerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve July 6, 2017 meeting minutes =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/06Jul2017|July 06, 2017]]
 * Tim H moves, Gerry S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved


== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
=== KMIP 1.4 Spec & Profiles ===
 * Ballot is currently live - see [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/ballot.php?id=3108]]
 * Requested all eligibel voters to cast their votes (7 eligible members have not yet voted)

=== Usage Guide ===
===== Motion to approve Usage Guide v1.4 as Commitee Note via full majority vote =====
 * Motion to approve Key Management Interoperability Protocol Usage Guide v1.4 at [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/61189/kmip-ug-v1.4-cnd02a.docx]] as a Committee Note and designate the .doc version of the note as authoritative. 
 * Bruce R moves, Mark J seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion carried

=== Test Cases ===
===== Motion to approve Test Cases v1.4 as Commitee Note via full majority vote =====
 * Motion to approve Key Management Interoperability Protocol Test Cases v1.4  and all associated artifacts packaged together at [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/60503/kmip-testcases-v1.4-cnprd01.html]] and [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/60478/kmip-testcases-v1.4-wd04-rev3a.zip]] as a Committee Note and designate the html version of the note as authoritative. 
 * Bruce R moves, Mark J seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion carried

=== New Item ===
 * N/A
=== Next Meeting ===
 * August 17, 2017

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 1 members

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Chuck W moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
== Meeting Adjourned at 2:12 US-PST ==
