= Meeting Minutes 1 June, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.), Quorum achieved
 * Members present:
  * Bereza, Andre - KRYPTUS
  * Berglas, Anthony - Cryptsoft Pty Ltd.
  * Corlett, Justin - Cryptsoft Pty Ltd.
  * Cox, Tony - Cryptsoft Pty Ltd.
  * Fitzgerald, Indra - Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE)
  * Furlong, Judith - Dell
  * Gardner, Gary - Fornetix
  * Gleeson, Susan - Oracle
  * Hillier, Christopher - Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE)
  * Hudson, Tim - Cryptsoft Pty Ltd.
  * Jain, Nitin - SafeNet, Inc.
  * Joseph, Mark - P6R, Inc
  * Kriese, Kathy - Symantec Corp.
  * Lee, Sun-ho - Hancom Secure, Inc.
  * Lockhart, Hal - Oracle
  * Lockhart, Robert - Thales e-Security
  * Mooney, Kevin - Fornetix
  * Rich, Bruce - Cryptsoft Pty Ltd.
  * Saha, Saikat - Oracle
  * Scott, Greg - Cryptsoft Pty Ltd.
  * Siravara, Radhika - Oracle
  * Stueve, Gerald - Fornetix
  * Thatcher, Jason - Cryptsoft Pty Ltd.
  * White, Charles - Fornetix
  * Wierenga, Steve - Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE)

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (May 11, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
  * Specification - PR Comments
  * Specification - Next steps
  * Profiles - Next steps
  * Test Cases - Next steps
  * Usage Guide - Next steps
 * ICMC17 PQC presentation recap
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

== Motion to approve Agenda ==
 * Tim moves, Gerry seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

== Motion to approve May 11, 2017 meeting minutes ==
 * [[MeetingMinutes/May112017|May 11, 2017]]
 * Tim H moves, Mark J seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
=== KMIP 1.4 Spec - PR Comments (Tony C.) ===
 * Tony walked through the comments and the proposed resolution.
===== Motion to accept the proposed resolutions to comments raised in relation to KMIP Specification v1.4 CSPRD01 during the Public Review period. =====
 * Tim Moves, Mark seconds.No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved 

=== KMIP 1.4 Spec- Next steps ===
 * Noted that changes as a reult of PR are non-material changes (mainly editorial) and that some Normative references were also missing and should be added.
 * With changes accepted as final - new version will be KMIP Specification v1.4 CSD02 revision 2 (kmip-spec-v1.4-csd02-r01.docx)
===== Motion to approve KMIP Specification v1.4 CSD02 revision 2 =====
 * Motion to approve the Co-Chairs requesting that TC Administration hold a Special Majority Vote to approve KMIP Specification v1.4 CSD02 revision 2 (kmip-spec-v1.4-csd02-r02.docx) contained in https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/60900/kmip-spec-v1.4-csd02-r02.docx as a Committee Specification. I further move that the TC affirm that changes have been made since the last public review, that the changes made are documented in https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/60898/KMIP-Specv1.4-CSD-PR-Comments-TC%20Response.pdf and that the TC judges these changes to be Non-Material in accordance with the definition in the OASIS TC Process.
 * Tim H Moves, Mark J  seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved

=== KMIP 1.4 Profiles - Next steps ===
 * No comments received during PR period.
===== Motion to approve KMIP Specification v1.4 CSD02 revision 2 =====
 * Motion to approve the Co-Chairs requesting that TC Administration hold a Special Majority Ballot to approve KMIP Profiles v1.4 CSPRD01 (kmip-profiles-v1.4-csprd01.docx) contained in http://docs.oasis-open.org/kmip/profiles/v1.4/csprd01/kmip-profiles-v1.4-csprd01.docx as a Committee Specification.
 * Tim H Moves, Mark J seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

=== KMIP 1.4 Test Cases - Next steps ===
 * Agreed to hold off promoting to CN until the Spec and Profiles have progressed to COS

=== KMIP 1.4 Usage Guide - Next steps ===
 * Agreed to hold off promoting to CN until the Spec and Profiles have progressed to COS


=== ICMC17 PQC presentation recap ===
 * The 5th International Cryptographic Module Conference was held in Washington DC on May 16-19.
 * Tony, Tim, Chuck, Gerry and a range of other folks attended. Was a good event with many specific references to key management
 * Tony presented a session with Prof Dr Tanja Lange from Eindhoven University of Technology which was well received. 
 * Tony to publish presentation to the TC.

== New Item ==
 * Nitin J has uploaded a proposal regarding patterns - Requested members to review prior to a scheduled discussion next week.

== Next Meeting ==
 * June 8, 2017

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 *  None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim moves, Gerry seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
===== Meeting Adjourned at 2:39 US-PST =====
