= Meeting Minutes 29 June, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 9PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (June 15, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
  * SOUs
  * Specification - Next steps
  * Profiles - Next steps
 * New Items
 * Next Meeting
  * Summer Meeting Schedule
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim H. moves, Gerald S. seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments
 * Agenda approved

== Motion to approve June 15, 2017 meeting minutes ==
 * [[MeetingMinutes/15Jun2017|June 15, 2017]]
 * Gerald S. moves, Bruce R. seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments.
 * Minutes approved


== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
=== KMIP 1.4 SOUs - Next steps ===
 * KMIP TC needs to formally accept the SOUs.

==== Motion to accept SOUs for KMIP v1.4 ====
 * Motion to accept the Statements of Use for KMIP Spcification v1.4 and KMIP Profiles v1.4 as approved on 18 June 2017 provided by: 
  * Cryptsoft - https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/60994/KMIP-SOU-Cryptsoft-18-Jun-2017.pdf.
  * P6R - https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/61007/KMIP-SOU-P6R-18-June-2017-R2.pdf 
  * HPE - https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/61016/HPE-SOU-19-June-2017.pdf
 * Bob L. moves, Bruce R. seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.
 * Motion approved

=== KMIP 1.4 Spec- Next steps ===
==== Motion to approve KMIP v1.4 Specification as COS and Public Review ====
 * Motion to approve the Co-Chairs requesting that TC Administration hold a Special Majority Vote to approve submitting KMIP Specification v1.4 Committee Specification at [[http://docs.oasis-open.org/kmip/spec/v1.4/cs01/kmip-spec-v1.4-cs01.docx|KMIP Specification v1.4 CS]] as a Candidate OASIS Standard and direct the Chairs to take any necessary steps to carry out that submission pursuant to the OASIS TC Process 3.4.1, with a public review not exceeding the process requirements (presently 60 days).
 * Tim H. moves, Joe B. seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.
 * Motion approved

=== KMIP 1.4 Profiles - Next steps ===
==== Motion to approve KMIP v1.4 Profiles as COS and Public Review ====
 * Motion to approve the Co-Chairs requesting that TC Administration hold a Special Majority Vote to approve submitting KMIP Profiles v1.4 Committee Specification at [[http://docs.oasis-open.org/kmip/profiles/v1.4/cs01/kmip-profiles-v1.4-cs01.docx|KMIP Profiles v1.4 CS]] as a Candidate OASIS Standard and direct the Chairs to take any necessary steps to carry out that submission pursuant to the OASIS TC Process 3.4.1, with a public review not exceeding the process requirements (presently 60 days).
 * Tim H. moves, Gerald S. seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.
 * Motion approved

== New Items ==
 * Congratulations to Tony Cox who was named as an OASIS Distinguished Contributor for 2017!

== Next Meeting ==
 * July 6, 2017 at 9:00PM GMT
 
=== Summer Meeting Schedule ===
 * Suggested that after July 13, 2017 meeting schedule meetings every two weeks
 * Revisit the schedule in early September
 * Vote on July 13, 2017 to enact the appropriate schedule change

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 2 members joined after roll call

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H. moves, Greg S. seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments.
 * Meeting adjourned
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 9:23 GMT =
