= Meeting Minutes 12 October, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (September 28, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query
 * Take KMIP v1.4 to ISO
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Chuck W moves, Jeff B seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve September 28, 2017 meeting minutes =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/28Sept2017|Minutes - September 28, 2017]]
 * Bruce R moves, Kevin M seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved


== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
 * Tony C reported Spec & Profiles still out for comment - none received to date

== KMIP 2.0 Update - Tony C ==
 * Tony C reoported spec is still being drafted - working on proposals accepted at F2f (some needed additional detail and/or had unforseen impacts on other spec areas)

== Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query ==
 * Deferred.

== Take KMIP v1.4 to ISO ==
 * TC resolved that KMIP v1.4 should be taken to an external standards body - preferance is ISO
 * TC resolved that Tony C is to commence formal process with OASIS 

=== New Item ===
 * Bruce R - Should we leave some reserved space in the KMIP 2.0 Specification tag enum table?
 * TC agreed this is a good idea - Bruce & Tony to bring forward a propsal.

=== Next Meeting ===
 * October 26, 2017

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 4 members

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Greg S moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
== Meeting Adjourned at 2:16 US-PST ==
