= Meeting Minutes 17 August, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (August 03, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) 
  * Usage Guide
  * Test Cases
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees 
 * Adjourn Meeting 

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve August 03, 2017 meeting minutes =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/03Aug2017|August 03, 2017]]
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved


== KMIP 1.4 Update - Tony C ==
=== Usage Guide ===
 * Request to publish as Committee Note has been raised. TC Admin need the approved minutes from August 03 (with the motions contained) to proceed. We should see publication of the 

document in the coming weeeks.

=== Test Cases ===
 * Request to publish as Committee Note has been raised. TC Admin need the approved minutes from August 03 (with the motions contained) to proceed. We should see publication of the 

document in the coming weeeks.

== KMIP 2.0 ==
 * Tony C - Still draftin content
 * Tony C - Seeing questions come in for added functionality in 2.0 - have requested to have those sent in as proposals. Requested members to bring forth any requirements and/or use 

cases they have for KMIP 2.0.  

=== New Item ===
 * N/A

=== Next Meeting ===
 * August 31, 2017

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * 1 members

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
== Meeting Adjourned at 2:09 US-PST ==
