= Meeting Minutes 23 February, 2017 =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (February 9&10, 2017)
 * Face to Face Meeting review
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.)
 * Update from authors
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
 * RSA2017 Interop Recap
 * RSA2018 Interop signup
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 
==== Motion to approve Agenda ====
 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

==== Motion to approve February 9th & 10 F2F meeting minutes ====
 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. [[MeetingMinutes/Feb102017|February 10, 2017]] & [[MeetingMinutes/Feb092017|February 09, 2017]] approved.
 
== Face to Face Meeting review ==
 * overview of the F2F meeting and action items 
 * call from Tony C for the missing presentations to be uploaded
=== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ===
 * refer to the F2F proposals and action items for work to be done

==== Update from Authors ====
 * no updates from authors
 * no additional comments

=== KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) ===
 * refer to the F2F proposals and action items for work to be done
 * no additionalcomments
 
== RSA 2017 Interop recap (Tony C.) ==
 * full interop demo was ran at the OASIS booth
 * overall a success, had a consierable amount of interest from people stopped by
 * there were a couple of members that had misunderstood/misinterpreted the process for needing local servers at the booth
 * no additinoal comments

== RSA 2018 Interop signup (Tony C.) ==
 * for next year, OASIS has 2 20x30 booths, front row, south hall, 12 pods per booth
 * front row, south hall
 * email Tony C or Jane Harnad (OASIS) if interested in participating, full commitment will be needed in the next 30 to 60 days, may need signed document or deposit
 * Nitin asked about minimal KMIP version, Tony C - it will be the current published version plus whatever new capability is available.  If 1.4 is published in time, it will be 1.4 and 2.0 otherwise it will be 1.3, 1.4, and 2.0 
 * Bob - suggestion for cutoff date for using 1.5, Tony C - will work on it 

== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * None
 
== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 14:20 US-PST =
