= Meeting Minutes 14 December, 2017 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 10:00PM GMT ==
 * Roll call Judith Furlong (Judy F.)
 * Quorum achieved

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (December 07, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 Published to OASIS site (Judy F)
 * KMIP 2.0
 * New KMIP 2.0 Specification WD available (Tony C)
 * KMIP v2.0 Profiles (Tim H)
 * KMIP v2.0 Test Cases (Tim H)
 * KMIP v2.0 Usage Guide (Judy F)
 * Wrapping Operations Proposal (Bob L)
 * Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query (Tim H)
 * Usage Masks Discussion (Tim H)
 * Review KMIP v2.0 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.0) (Tony C.)
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting (Holiday season planning)
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

=== Motion to approve Agenda ===
 * Tim S. moves, Tim H. seconds
 * No objections, no abstentions, and no comments.
 * Agenda approved

== Previous Meeting Minutes ==
=== Motion to approve December 7, 2017 meeting minutes ===
 * [[MeetingMinutes/07Dec2017|December 7, 2017]]
 * Bruce R. moves, Chuck W. seconds
 * No objections, no abstentions, and no comments.
 * Minutes approved

== KMIP 1.4 Published to OASIS Web Site - Judy F. ==
 * TC Admin has published the KMIP 1.4 Specification and Profiles documents

=== Motion to acknowledge the work of the OASIS Admin ===
 * Tony C. Moves, Tim C. Seconds
 * No objections, no abstentions, and no comments.
 * Minutes approved
 
== KMIP 2.0 Updates ==
 * Tony presented KMIP Specification v2.0 WD01 (presentation and document)
 * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/62171/KMIP%20V2.0%20Change%20Summary.pdf|WD01 Presentation]]
 * Covered changes to the Specification 2.0 document including editorial content, structure, cross references, etc.
  * Removed cross references due to complexity of requirements for bookmark, cross reference, etc.
 * Tony C. and Chuck W. working through document with input so far from Mark J. who has been picking up a some issues which will require discussion

=== KMIP v2.0 Profiles (Tim H) ===
 * Waiting for first version of Specification
 * Update the profiles to match the new version of Specification
 * Suggest we take some time to review the Specification before starting updates to Profiles and other supporting documentation
 * There is a feedback loop that will occur, but some work needs to be started such as a single profile, test cases and usage set for XTS-AES as the most recent and fairly small compared to other profiles

=== KMIP v2.0 Test Cases (Tim H) ===
 * Waiting for first version of Specification
 * Has hand rolled to see how they vary and seem to be better
 
=== KMIP v2.0 Usage Guide (Judy F) ===
 * Has the new template and work will begin with Specification WD01 release
 * Appendix has been updated in 1.4 and is it actually being used since there is overhead in maintaining it

== Server Wrapping Operation Proposal ==
 * Bob L. preliminary proposal for server side wrapping operations
 * Put together a list of interested parties
  * Bob L., Judy F., Sue G., Bruce R., Antony, Jerry, Tim C., Chuck W.
 * Don't mix with re-encrypt request just yet

== Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query ==
 * Tim H. to provide reviewed response
 * Defer to next meeting
 
== Usage Masks Discussion ==
 * Tim H. provided new wording
 * Defer to next meeting
 
== Review KMIP v2.0 wiki ==
 * Trapping information to add to wiki
 * Defer to next meeting

== New Business ==
 * SNIA is shutting down SSIF officially as no longer necessary 
  * Interoperability lab outside of SSIF will need to be revisited

=== Motion that the TC shows support and approval to our co-chairs in the enforcement of our interop processes and that the view was from multiple companies and not a single vendor (e.g. the Interop Process and Standing Rules Document) ===
 * Chuck W. Moves, Mark J. Seconds
 * Jane Melia wants to understand if it is better to wait for discussion with OASIS Administration
  * This has no effect on outcome of OASIS BoD and Administration and final decision
  * The discussion will be picked up in the new year between the TC and OASIS
 * No objections, no abstentions, or no comments
 * Motion passes

== Next Meeting ==
 * Holiday season schedule
 * January 11, 2018

== Call for late arrivals (Judy F.) ==
 * 0 additional members

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H. moves, Tim C. seconds
 * No objections, abstentions, or comments
 * Meeting adjourned
 
= Meeting Adjourned at 11:06PM GMT =
