= Meeting Minutes 9 March, 2017 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call Tony Cox (Tony C.)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (March 2, 2017)
 * KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.)
  * Update from authors
  * AI Update - [[1.4]]
 * KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.)
  * Update from authors
  * AI Update - [[2.0]]
 * RSA2018 Interop signup
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

===== *Motion to approve Agenda* =====
 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== *Motion to approve March 2, 2017 meeting minutes* =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/Mar02017|March 2, 2017]]
 * Tim H moves, Gary S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved

=== KMIP 1.4 update (Tony C.) ===
 * Motion to progress KMIP Specification v1.4 WD

===== *Motion for the TC to approve KMIP Specification v1.4 Working Draft 02, Revision 3 posted at https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/60223/kmip-spec-v1.4-wd02-r3.docx as a Committee Specification Draft and designate request TC admin to commence public review* =====
 * https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/60223/kmip-spec-v1.4-wd02-r3.docx
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved
 * Tim H noted that this was 2 motions rolled in one.
 * Tony C noted that combining these two motions was explicitly permitted per TC Admin.

==== Update from Authors ====
 * Tim H will have updates to the profiles and test cases will have an update for next week
 * Judy is waiting for people to provide their updates to the usage guide

==== Reviewed KMIP v1.4 AIs ====
 * Reviewed AIs at [[1.4]]
 * Tony C: Noted that JIRA AIs would be reviewed at next meeting with a view to starting fresh for v2.0

=== KMIP 2.0 update (Tony C.) ===
==== Reviewed KMIP v2.0 AIs ====
 * Deferred review of 2.0s AIs at [[2.0]] until next week.

==== Update from Authors ====
 * All authors waiting until 1.4 docs get to CSD/CND before commencing

== RSA 2018 Interop signup (Tony C.) ==
 * Invitation from Jane has been sent out - removing from agenda for now

== Additional Items ==
== Call for late arrivals (Tony C) ==
 * one noted

===== *Motion to Adjourn* =====
 * Greg S moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

= Meeting Adjourned at 14:17 US-PST =
