= Meeting Minutes 2 August 2018 =
== Meeting commenced 17:01 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (July 26, 2018)
 * Interop for RSA 2019
 * KMIP 2.0
  * Login Spec Update - Anthony B
  * Hashed Password - Bruce R
  * Full Async - Jerry S
  * KMIP v2.0 Content Items Review
  * KMIP v2.0 Action items discussion

 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Tim C moved, Kevin M seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from July 26, 2018 =====
 * Kevin M moves, Mark J seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. minutes for the July 26, 2018 meeting approved.

== RSA 2019 Interop ==
 * No news on whether Jane H has been successful in securing a bigger booth
 * No news on the status of the booth participant review by RSA Conference organizers

== KMIP 2.0 ==
=== Login Spec Update (Anthony B) ===
 * Please see [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=63398|Login]]

 * Anthony reviewed the proposed updates to the specification with the TC
 * The TC didn't have additonal questions or concerns with the updated proposal

===== Motion to approve the proposed specification changes for Login and include these changes in the next revision of the KMIP 2.0 Spec =====
 * Mark J moves and Bruce R seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Login spec updates approved.

=== Hashed Password (Bruce R) ===
 * Please see [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=63395|HashedPassword]]

 * Bruce R walked the TC through the changes to the specification
 * The TC didn't have additonal questions or concerns with the updated proposal

===== Motion to approve the proposed specification changes for Hashed Password and include these changes in the next revision of the KMIP 2.0 Spec =====
 * Mark J moves and Kevin M seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Hashed Password spec updates approved.

=== Full Async (Jerry S) ===
 * Please see [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/63406/kmip-spec-v2.0-wd03-Async.pdf|Async Indicator]]

 * Jerry S took the TC through an update to the proposed changes to the specification which addressed comments that were made by Mark J and Tim H
 * Mark J indicated that he was satified that his previous concerns were addressed by this update.  Tim H was not on the call.
 * Several TC members asked a few clarifying questions about the proposal.  There was some confusion over the wording of one of the paragraphs (9.2).  Jerry will revise that paragraph and will post an update to the reflector.

=== Default Cryptographic Parameters (Bruce R) ===
 * As a bonus, Bruce offered to go through the specification changes for [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=63645|Default Crytographic Parameters]]

 * There were a few TC comments about how to incorporate the changes into the specification which were editorial in nature and which the Spec Editors (Tony C and Chuck W) will handle as part of incorporating the proposal into the spec.

===== Motion to approve the proposed specification changes for Default Cryptographic Parameters and include these changes in the next revision of the KMIP 2.0 Spec =====
 * Jerry S moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Default Cryptographic Parameters spec updates approved.

=== KMIP 2.0 Proposal Review ===
 * See [[https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.0|proposal status]]

 * There are four proposals outstanding.  Tony C had updated the submission date for the proposal he is working on with Chuck W.  He asked the authors of the other three proposals to provide revised submissions dates for these proposals on the wiki
 * Tony C indicated that he would like to get all the proposals submitted and reviewed by the TC so that he and Chuck W could get all the changes incorporated into the next KMIP 2.0 Specification draft by the end of August 2018
 * Tony C once again made an appeal to the proposal authors to provide the outstanding changes for the Usage Guide, Profiles and Test Cases

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next Meeting:  9 August 2018

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C.) ==
 * Two Members (Jerry S, John L)

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Bruce R, moves, Kevin M seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:43 US-EST ==
