= Meeting Minutes 11 January 2018 =
== Meeting commenced 2PM US-PST ==
 * Roll call (Judy F)
 * Quorum achieved.

== Proposed agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (December 14, 2017)
 * Interop Status
 * KMIP 2.0
  * New KMIP 2.0 Specification WD available (Tony C)
  * Wrapping Operations Proposal (Bob L)
  * Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query  (Tim H)
  * Usage Masks Discussion (Nitin J/Tim H)
  * Review KMIP v2.0 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.0) (Tony C.)
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Tim C moves, Justin C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve December 14, 2017 meeting minutes =====
 * [[MeetingMinutes/14Dec2017|December 14, 2017]]
 * Tim C moves, Bruce R seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes approved

== Interop Status ==
 * Per TC resolution in early 2017, we are still planning to run the RSA 2018 interop.
 * Interop preparation for RSA 2018 is over 2 months behind where we would normally be. Scope will be massaged to fit timeframes and still deliver the value that the KMIP TC and participants expect.
 * Tony noted that some feedback from members had been provided and incorporated into the TC letter to the OASIS board.
 * Tony read the letter
 * John stated his concerns regarding the letter and the KMIP TC Interop process
 * Chuck responded to John's concerns
 * John restated his critical points prior to departing the call (pre-arranged meeting) - He apologised for leaving early.
 * Tim restated and then responded to John's remaining points
 * Chris H questioned whether the TC resolution is understood as clearly as it stated.
 * Further discussion followed including input from Matt O & Chuck W (Fornetix), Mark J (P6R), Chris H (HPE), Steve W (MicroFocus), Sue G (Oracle), Judy F (Dell) and Tim H & Tony C (Cryptsoft)
 * Chris H and Sue G thanked the members contributing to the conversation for the further details provided, that assist members not directly involved in the interop to understand the background
 * No disagreement that the TC has approved the interop process multiple times in previous years and that the process has always has a set of required prerequisites in order to participate.

===== Motion to approve the letter as drafted by Tony Cox & Judy Furlong, as read out in the KMIP TC meeting by Tony Cox, to be sent by the KMIP TC co-chairs to the OASIS Board indicating a concern with the conflict between the KMIP TC Standing Rules and Interop Process and the OASIS Interop Policy. =====
 * Chuck W moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved

== KMIP 2.0 ==
=== New KMIP 2.0 Specification WD ===
 * Deferred

=== Wrapping Operations Proposal ===
 * Deferred

=== Key Value for Wrapped Objects Query ===
 * Judy F stated the item was likely closed with the new tests sent out by Tim H
 * Tim H agrees
 * Item closed

=== Usage Masks Discussion ===
 * Deferred

=== Review KMIP v2.0 wiki ===
 * Deferred

== New Business ==
 * Tony & Chuck thanks Mark J, Tim H and Anthony B for the errors identified in the KMIP 2.0 spec so far.

=== Next Meeting ===
 * January 18, 2018

== Call for late arrivals (Judy F) ==
 * 2 members

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Tim H moves, Jeff B seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

== Meeting Adjourned at 15:07 US-PST ==
