= Meeting Minutes 28 June 2018 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (June 14, 2018)
 * Interop for RSA 2019
 * KMIP 2.0
  * PGP Key Removal
  * Cryptographic Usage Mask (Export Removal)
  * Key Format Type spec updates
  * KMIP v2.0 Content Items Review
  * KMIP v2.0 Action Items Discussion
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * JerryS moves, TimC seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from June 14, 2018 =====
 * JerryS moves, TimC seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. minutes for the June 14, 2018 meeting approved

== RSA 2019 Interop ==
 * 20x20 booth - 8 slots
 * JaneH indicated 3 slots still being confirmed with RSA
 * JaneH is in negotiation to see if a 20x30 booth is possible and in which case 4 more slots would be available

== KMIP 2.0 ==
=== Removal of PGP Keys ===
 * See [[https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/document.php?document_id=63205|spec changes]]
 * Deferred to a subsequent meeting.

=== Key Format Type spec updates ===
 * Bruce walked through [[https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/document.php?document_id=63285|spec changes]]
 * Spec Editors will roll these changes into the next draft. No objections.
 * Test cases will need adjustment which impacts both test cases and profiles documents.
 * Usage guide text pending.

=== KMIP 2.0 Proposal Review ===
 * See [[https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.0|proposal status]]
 * Any date adjustments? Greg - may have some given the range of proposals.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next meeting: 12 July 2018

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C.) ==
 * None

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * JudyF moves and TimC seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:21 US-EST ==
