= Meeting Minutes 20 September 2018 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (September 5, 2018)
 * Interop for RSA 2019
 * KMIP 2.0
  * Re-Encrypt - Spec delta (Tim H)
  * Additional Result Reason - Proposal (Anthony B )
  * Client Provisioning - Proposal (Chuck W & John L)
  * Flow Control (Chuck W)
  * KMIP v2.0 Content Items Review
  * KMIP v2.0 Action items discussion
 * New Business
  * List comment from Conrado Gouvêa
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees

===== Motion to approve Agenda =====
 * Tim C moves, Gerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

===== Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from September 5, 2018 =====
 * Tim C moves, Gerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. minutes for the September 5, 2018 meeting approved.

== RSA 2019 Interop ==
 * Tony reiterated that the OASIS folks were looking for another vendor to fill the last place on the booth. Please contact Jane, Dee or Tony if you are considering attending.

== KMIP 2.0 ==
=== Re-Encrypt - Spec delta (Tim H) ===
 * Tim walked through the presentation (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/63400/kmip-spec-v2.0-wd03-Reencrypt.pdf)
 * Usage Guide content required
 * Test Case changes required

===== Motion to approve the Re-Encrypt Spec Delta and include these changes in the next revision of the KMIP v2.0 Spec =====
 * Gerry S moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Re-Encrypt updates approved.

=== Additional Result Reason - Proposal (Anthony B) ===
 * Anthony walked through his proposal ([[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/63835/Additional%20Result%20Reasons.pptx|https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/63835/Additional%20Result%20Reasons.pptx]]).
 * Tim H asked about the permission denied vs not authorised - answered - more  specific to authorisation as permission denied is attached top a variety of others - this it to replace "permission denied".
 * Bruce R & Tim H discussed impact on profiles. (~30 profile test cases for v2.0 impacted)
 * TC comfortable with inclusion in KMIP v2.0
 * Anthony to proceed with Spec & Test Case deltas - TC will make a motion at that point.
 * Anthony B to provide Usage Guide content

=== Client Provisioning - Proposal (Chuck W & John L) ===
 * Chuck walked through the high level proposal
 * Wide ranging discussion followed
 * TimH - Scope needs to handle all four client provisioning contexts
 * Concept is to use standard KMIP for things - but how does this contrast with the current client provisioning
 * Mixing up the credential usage seems unexpected - probably needs adjusting
 * Discussion cut short as meeting was due to close.
 * Proposal to be revisited in 2 weeks.

=== Flow Control (Chuck W) ===
 * Deferred

=== KMIP 2.0 Proposal Review ===
 * Deferred

== New Business ==
=== List comment from Conrado Gouvêa ===
 * Co-Chairs to request more information from Conrado (Use Case, Operations used, etc)

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next Meeting:  27 September 2018

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C.) ==
 * None

===== Motion to Adjourn =====
 * Tim H move, Gerry S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:58 US-EST ==
=== Voting ===
 * Gained: Steve W (Micro Focus)
 * Lost: Andre B (Kryptus)
