= Meeting Minutes 18 October 2018 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Judy F.)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (October 11, 2018 )
 * Interop for RSA 2019
 * KMIP 2.0
  * Profiles (Tim H)
  * Result Reason Code - Spec Delta (Anthony B.)
  * Cryptographic Usage Mask - Revisit (Tony C & Chuck W)
  * Protection Storage Mask (Bruce R)
  * Interop Operation (Anthony B.)
  * PKCS#11 Encapsulation (Anthony B.)
  * Client Reprovisioning - Revisit Proposal (Chuck W & John L)
  * KMIp Spec v2.0 WD04 (Tony C) & Chuck W
  * KMIP v2.0 Content Items Review
  * KMIP v2.0 Action items discussion
 * List comment from Conrado Gouvêa
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from October 11, 2018'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the October 11, 2018 meeting approved.

'''Motion to approve the leave of absence for Thad from Unbound for the 25th of October'''

 * Tim H moves, Tony C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.



== RSA 2019 Interop ==
 * Two interop spots are still open in the booth for RSA 2019. Please contact Jane, Dee or Tony if you are interested in participating in the OASIS booth.

== KMIP 2.0 ==
=== Profiles (Tim H) ===
 * Tim H posted the KMIP 2.0 Profiles Document [link to document] Updates made and uploaded work is not fully complete. TC needs opportunity to review and report any issues. Bruce R, noted some global changes need to be applied.

=== Result Reason Code - Spec Delta (Anthony B ) ===
 * Anthony B posted the KMIP 2.0 Spec updates for the [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/64060/kmip-spec-v2.0-wd03-AdditionalResultReasons.pdf|Error Result Reason]]
 * Brief discussion - no comments or concerns raised

'''Motion to include the changes to the KMIP 2.0 Spec as noted in the Additional Result Reasons Specification Delta'''

 * Tim H moves, Mark J seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.



=== Cryptographic Usage Mask (Tony C) ===
 * Review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec Updates for [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=64067|Cryptographic Usage Mask]]
 * Uploaded by Tony C in working draft 4. Need to review at future meeting.

=== Protection Storage Mask (Bruce R) ===
 * Review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec Updates for [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/64099/kmip-spec-v2.0-wd03-protection-storage-mask.pdf|Protection Storage Mask]] uploaded by Bruce R
 * Long discussion re options for implementing. Anthony B asked Mark J to prepare a query illustrating his question that could be reviewed.
 * Deferring this item to next week following information from Mark J which can be discussed for next week.

=== Interop Operation (Anthony B ) ===
 * Review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec Updates for [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/64101/kmip-spec-v2.0-wd03-InteropOperation.pdf|Interop Operation]] uploaded by Anthony B
 * Brief discussion on ho this will be implemented WRT to upcoming interops
 * Agreement that usage shall be mandatory for interops past the RSA2019. RSA 2019 usage to be determined.

'''Motion to include the changes to the KMIP 2.0 Spec as noted in the Interop Operation Specification Delta with one amended change'''

 * Mark J moves, Tony C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.



=== PKCS#11 Encapsulation (Anthony B ) ===
 * Review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec Updates for [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/64103/kmip-spec-v2.0-wd03-PKCS11.pdf|PKCS#11 Encapsulation]] uploaded by Anthony B
 * Discussion re PKCS#11 V 3.0 vs earlier PKCS#11 versions. Anthony B and Mark J to catch up and discuss offline.

=== Client Reprovisioning - Revisit Proposal (Chuck W & John L) ===
 * Deferred since John L was not in attendance

=== KMIP Specification v2.0 WD04 (Tony C) ===
 * Note KMIP 2.0 Spec Updates WD04 ([[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/64104/kmip-spec-v2.0-wd04.docx|KMIp Sepc v2.0 WD04]]) uploaded by Tony C
 * Limited to spec-deltas since WD03 put up, excluding incusion of Cryptographic Usage Mask which may need further revision in WD05.

=== KMIP 2.0 Proposal Review/KMIP 2.0 Schedule ===
 * Review of this for next week, Judy to update the Wiki Table

== List comment from Conrado Gouvêa ==
 * Co-Chairs still need to request more information from Conrado (Use Case, Operations used, etc.)

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next Meeting: 25 October 2018

== Call for Additional Attendees (Judy F.) ==
 * Jerry S & Jason T

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves, Jerry seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:59 US-EST ==
