= Meeting Minutes 17 October 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (Oct 10, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.0 (Status)
 * KMIP 2.1
  * Name Domain Definition (Tony C)
  * Review wiki
 * KMIP Interop 2020
  * Interop Process (Tony C)
 * KMIP F2F 2020
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Jeff B moves, Jerry S seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from October 10, 2019'''

 * Jerry S moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the October 10, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.0 Status (Tony C) ==
 * 60 day public review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles as Candidate OASIS Standards has concluded with no comments received.
 * TC co-chairs have posted the required email stating this to the appropriate email lists.
 * Today, TC Admin sent out the Call for Consent for making the KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles OASIS Standards to the OASIS members.  This call closes on October 31, 2019.  See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201910/msg00010.html

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Name Domain Definition (Tony C) ===
 * The additional proposal(s) discussed at last week's meeting have not been provided yet.  TC agreed to defer making a decision on this proposal and will revisit it at the next TC meeting.

=== Review wiki ===
 * KMIP 2.1 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.1)
 * No KMIP 2.1 proposal related content for the Usage Guide, Test Cases or Profiles document have been submitted this week.
 * Tony C once again requested that anyone who provided KMIP 2.1 proposals to review and determine if they need to supply additional content beyond the Spec deltas.
 * TC will do a walk through of the KMIP 2.1 wiki at the next TC meeting.

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
 * Deadline for closing on Interop participation has passed, but the list of participants is not finalized since a few vendors are in the process of completing the required paperwork.
 * Tony C noted that interop testing scope/plans will need to be locked down in the next few weeks once the list of participants is finalized.

== KMIP F2F 2020 ==
 * A straw poll ballot (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/ballot.php?id=3436) has been opened to determine which days will be best for the F2F meeting next February.  Please vote if you have not already done so.
 * Tony C noted that a host for the F2F meeting is still needed.  TC members, with Bay Area facilities, that are willing to host the TC meeting should get in touch with either Tony C or Judy F.

== New Business ==
 * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
  * Tony C has send the response approved at last week's meeting to Conrado Gouvêa.  See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201910/msg00008.html

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting:  24 October 2019

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Ed C (Utimaco)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Greg S moves, Jerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:10 US-EST ==
