= Meeting Minutes 02 May 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (April 25, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.0 Spec, Usage Guide, Profile, Test Case Documents
 * KMIP 2.1
 * KMIP v1.4 errata
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from April 25, 2019'''

 * Tim H moves, Jerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the April 25, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles ==
 * TC Admin has published the KMIP 2.0 Spec and KMIP 2.0 Profiles documents for Public Review.
 * Hopefully everyone received notification that the documents are out for public review that ends 25 May
 * OASIS has posted publicly on the Website that KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles are available for public review.

== KMIP 2.0 Test Cases and Usage Guide ==
 * Committee Note Draft for Test Cases and Usage Guide
 * Both documents should be available as Committee Note Drafts.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
 * Requests have gone out for KMIP 2.1
 * TC Admin has a lot of work on their hands for KAVI, plus requests for KMIP and PKCS11

== KMIP v1.4 Errata (Tony C) ==
 * Tony has submitted the Errata, updates were minimal and are focused on Opaque Objects as discussed within TC. Changes made in 2.0 and noted in Errata for 1.4

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: 9 May 2019

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * 1 member noted

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.
