= Meeting Minutes 5 September 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (Aug 29, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.0 (Status)
 * KMIP 2.1
  * Name Domain Definition (Tony C)
  * Review wiki
 * KMIP Interop 2020
 * Interop Process (Tony C)
 * New Business
  * Response to Comment (Chuck W)
  * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Jeff B seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from August 29, 2019'''

 * Greg S moves, Jeff B seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the August 29, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.0 Status (Tony C) ==
 * 60 day public review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles as Candidate OASIS Standards has commenced.  It will end on 15 October 2019.
  . See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201908/msg00008.html
 * No comments have been received so far.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Name Domain Definition (Tony C) ===
 * Tony noted that he is still working on the Name Domain Definition and will present this at a future TC meeting.

=== Review wiki ===
 * Tony C has updated the KMIP 2.1 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.1) to mark all proposals that he has incorporated into the KMIP 2.1 Spec working drafts.
 * Tony C encouraged the TC members to bring forward additional proposals for KMIP 2.1

=== KMIP 2.1 Specification ===
 * Tony C has posted WD3 of the KMIP 2.1 to the OASIS site:  https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=65856
 * This WD includes the proposals approved in last week's meeting as well as editorial/consistency changes

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
 * Tony C posted the KMIP Interop Process that will be followed for the Interop RSA 2020 event last week.  See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=65831
 * Tony asked the TC if anyone had any comments.  No comments were raised.
 * Tony C outlined the next steps for the KMIP Interop 2020
  * Finalize the list of participants by the end September
  * Settle on scope of interop test
  * Incorporate scope and participants in the Interop process document
  * Have the TC approve the Interop Process documents.  Target the end of September/early October for this approval

== New Business ==
 * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
  * Tony C still needs to draft the follow-up response to Conrado Gouvêa
 * Response to Comment from Prof. René Pawlitzek (Chuck W)
  * Chuck's draft response was sent to the reflector a few weeks ago (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201908/msg00016.html).  No comments have been received on the draft response.

'''Motion for the TC to approve sending the response Chuck provided to the query from Prof. René Pawlitzek'''

 * Tim H moves, John M seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Response approved.

 * Tony C will sent the response to Prof. René Pawlitzek.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting:  19 September 2019
 * Neither co-chair is available next week, so meeting on 12 September 2019 will be canceled.

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Kyle W (KeyNexus)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Greg S second, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:13 US-EST ==
