= Meeting Minutes 3 October 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (Sep 19, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.0 (Status)
 * KMIP 2.1
  * Name Domain Definition (Tony C)
  * Review wiki
 * KMIP Interop 2020
  * Interop Process (Tony C)
 * New Business
  * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from September 19, 2019'''

 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the September 19, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.0 Status (Tony C) ==
 * 60 day public review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles as Candidate OASIS Standards has commenced.  It will end on 15 October 2019.
  . See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201908/msg00008.html
 * No comments have been received so far.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Name Domain Definition (Tony C) ===
 * Tony posted a spec delta showing the Name Domain Definition changes to the reflector earlier today. (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201910/msg00002.html)
 * TC had a brief discussion on the wording of the first few sentences of the proposal.  A deeper review of the proposal will be done during the next TC call.

=== Review wiki ===
 * KMIP 2.1 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.1)
 * Decided to wrap up KMIP 2.1 content prior to commencing the RSA 2020 Interop event
 * Tim H made updates to the wiki to reflect updated status, etc.
  * Jerry S agreed that the IoT Profile should be deferred to post KMIP 2.1
 * Tony C asked the TC to bring forward any additional 2.1 proposals in the next few weeks.

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
 * There are still a few openings for the OASIS booth.  If anyone is interested please contact Tony C or Jane H.
 * Deadline for closing on Interop participation is next Friday, October 11, 2019

== New Business ==
 * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
  * Tony C still needs to draft the follow-up response to Conrado Gouvêa

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting:  10 October 2019

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jerry S (Fornetix)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:16 US-EST ==
