= Meeting Minutes 9 May 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)

 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call

 * Approve Agenda

 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (May 2, 2019)

 * KMIP 2.0
  * Spec & Profiles Status (Tony C)

  * Test Cases & Usage Guide Status (Tony C)

 * KMIP 2.1
  * Status (Tony C)

 * KMIP v1.4 Errata (Tony C)

 * New Business

 * Next Meeting

 * Call for Additional Attendees

 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Bruce R moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 2, 2019'''

 * Gerry S moves, Bruce R seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 2, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.0 (Tony C) ==
 * Public review of KMIP Specification and Profiles documents ongoing.  So far, no comments from the public review have been received.

 * TC Admin has completed and posted the Committee Note version of the Test Cases document.

 * The Committee Note version of the Usage Guide is still being worked on by TC Admin

== KMIP 2.1 (Tony C) ==
 * TC Admin has provided the starter documents for the KMIP 2.1 documents (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/message.php/201905/msg00006.html)

 * If KMIP document editors did not receive the email from Paul Knight and/or can't access it on the reflector please let Judy F know and she will forward on the email.

 * Tony C asked the TC members responsible for KMIP 2.1 proposals to start putting them together.  The TC will start reviewing these at our next meeting.

== KMIP 1.4 Errata (Tony C) ==
 * Tony C posted a draft copy of the KMIP 1.4 Errata to the OASIS site (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=65252)

 * The Errata is now with TC Admin to prepare it for publication

 * Tony C still needs to prepare and send the TC response to Alexis Abel

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * ICMC is being held next week and multiple TC members will be attending, so the TC agreed to cancel next week's (16 May 2019) meeting

 * Next TC Meeting:  23 May 2019

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jeff B (Individual), Petko S (McAfee)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Bruce R moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:11 US-EST ==
