= Meeting Minutes 10 October 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (Oct 3, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.0 (Status)
 * KMIP 2.1
  * Name Domain Definition (Tony C)
  * Review wiki
 * KMIP Interop 2020
  * Interop Process (Tony C)
 * KMIP F2F 2020
 * New Business
  * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from October 3, 2019'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the October 3, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.0 Status (Tony C) ==
 * 60 day public review of the KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles as Candidate OASIS Standards has commenced.  It will end on 15 October 2019.
  . See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201908/msg00008.html
 * No comments have been received so far.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Name Domain Definition (Tony C) ===
 * Tony posted a spec delta showing the Name Domain Definition changes to the reflector last week. (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201910/msg00002.html)
 * TC picked up discussion from last week.  Tony C's proposal attempted to address the points raised from the discussion at the last F2F where there was a desire to make sure we addressed naming in multiple logical domains.
 * Chuck W raised a point that definitions vary based on whether one takes a client or a server view.  Clients for example, connect with a server and expect unique names from that server, but the client is unaware if the server consists of logical domains.
 * Folks will mull over the proposal and what needs to be defined/clarified around naming in the KMIP Spec and revisit this at a future TC meeting.
 * Chuck W will send the definition he provided during the discussion to the reflector.

=== KMIP 2.1 Spec ===
 * Tony C posted WD4 of the KMIP 2.1 Spec to the OASIS site - (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=66030)
 * This working draft incorporates the comments that have been raised on the previous KMIP 2.1 working draft on the reflector and via other communication methods.

=== Review wiki ===
 * KMIP 2.1 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.1)
 * Tim H has updated wiki to add status columns for all four KMIP documents.
 * Tony C asked all that provided proposals to review and determine if they need to supply additional content beyond the Spec deltas.

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
 * There are still a few openings for the OASIS booth
 * A few applications for Interop participation have been submitted this week.
 * Deadline for closing on Interop participation is tomorrow, Friday, October 11, 2019 5 PM PT
 * If anyone is interested please contact Tony C or Jane H.

== KMIP F2F 2020 ==
 * Traditionally the TC holds the F2F the meeting the week prior to the RSA Conference
 * TC agreed that we should continue this tradition in 2020
 * TC Chairs will set up a straw poll to determine which days of the week (Wed/Thurs or Thus/Fri) prior to RSA Conference are best for the meeting.
 * Tony C also asked for any TC member, with Bay Area facilities, that is willing to host the TC meeting to get in touch with either Tony C or Judy F

== New Business ==
 * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
  * Tony C posted a draft of the follow-up response to Conrado Gouvêa to the reflector (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/201910/msg00006.html)

'''Motion for the TC to approve sending the response Tony C provided to Conrado Gouvêa'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Response approved.

 * Tony C will send the response to Conrado Gouvêa

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting:  17 October 2019

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Sue G (Oracle)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:20 US-EST ==
