= Meeting Minutes 8 August 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (July 25, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.0 (Status)
 * KMIP v1.4 Errata (Status)
 * KMIP 2.1
  * Review wiki
 * New Business
  * Response to comment (Chuck W)
  * Response to Conrado Gouvêa
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Chuck W seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from July 25, 2019'''

 * Tim H moves, Jerry S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the July 25, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.0 Status (Tony C) ==
 * Ballot for submitted the KMIP 2.0 Spec and Profiles as Candidates OASIS Standards was opened on August 2, 2019 and will close on August 9, 2019 (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/ballot.php?id=3421)

 * 17 of the eligible 19 TC members have voted on the ballot.  All votes so far are in the affirmative.  Chuck W apologized for not voting yet and will do so shortly.

== KMIP v1.4 Errata Status (Tony C) ==
 * The KMIP 1.4 Errata document is still in TC Admins' backlog pending publication.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== KMIP 2.1 Spec (Tony C) ===
 * Tony C published the first working draft of the KMIP 2.1 Specification to the OASIS site last week (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=65696)

 * Tony C is now in the process of rolling in the changes from the approved KMIP 2.1 proposals into the next WD of the KMIP 2.1 Spec.

=== KMIP 2.1 Profiles (Tim H) ===
 * No updates to the profiles since the first WD publication a few weeks ago.  The KMIP 2.1 proposals have all been Spec deltas to date.

=== KMIP 2.1 Proposal List (Tony C) ===
 * TC reviewed the KMIP 2.1 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.1).  A set of proposals are due mid-August.  Tony C plans to have his ready for next week's call

== New Business ==
 * Chuck W forwarded a draft response on why TTLV encodings are no longer included in the Test Cases to Tony C for review and distribution to the reflector.

 * Tony C still needs to craft the subsequent response to Conrado Gouvêa (Kryptus) latest query on KMIP 1.4 related to the MAC/sign key wrapping option.

 * Interop for RSA 2020 Status
  * Tony C is working on the timeline and process documents for the Interop and expects to have these distribute in another week or so.
  * There are still spots left to participate in the OASIS booth please contact Jane H and Tony C if you are interested.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting:  15 August 2019

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Tim C (NetApp), Indra F (Utimaco), John M (Quintessence Labs)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Tim C second, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:13 US-EST ==
