= Meeting Minutes 14 November 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (Nov 07, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.1
  * Spec WD05
  * Review wiki
 * KMIP Interop 2020
  * Interop Process (Tony C)
 * KMIP F2F 2020
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 07, 2019'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the November 07, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Spec WD05 ===
 * Tony updated spec with ping and changes form the key domain discussion

=== Review wiki ===
 * KMIP 2.1 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/2.1)
 * Bruce uploaded proposed usage content for Set/Get for Contstraints and Set for ObjectDefaults
 * Judy will update usage doc with Bruce's content
 * Tim H will have the 2.1 test cases done by the next meeting

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
 * 6 participants - Cryptsoft, Fortanix, IBM, PrimeKey, QuintessenceLabs, Utimaco
 * Tony made grammar changes to process doc
 * Call for motion to approve the process document for the 2020 Interop. Tim H moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved

'''Motion to approve using the KMIP Formal Interop Process (Abbreviated)-V1.3 for the upcoming RSA2020 Interop event'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved

== KMIP F2F 2020 ==
 * The F2F will be held Thursday/Friday (2/20 & 2/21) prior to RSA.
 * F2F will be hosted by Utimaco. Thank you Ed.
 * Tony C solicited proposals for KMIP 2.2 and asked that folks provide Tony C and Judy F with agenda topics for the F2F.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: 21 November 2019

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 *

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C second, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:17  US-EST ==
