= Meeting Minutes 12 December 2019 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Approve Previous Meeting Minutes (Nov 21, 2019)
 * KMIP 2.1
  * Status & Wiki review
 * KMIP Interop 2020
  * Status update (Tony C)
 * KMIP F2F 2020
  * Joint TC Dinner with PKCS#11
 * New Business
  * Regular meeting timeslot
  * Holiday season meeting schedule
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 21, 2019'''

 * Tim H moves, Jerry seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the November 21, 2019 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status & Wiki review ===
 * There has been a closeout on a range of items to move the spec and profile to committee spec draft.
 * Tim H has outstanding usage guide and profile edits for key rotation and will update as to when to put it on the agenda.

==  KMIP Interop 2020 ==
=== Status update (Tony C) ===
 * Interop testing is currently underway.
 * There are now 7 members - a special majority ballot was ran by TC Admin to admit Fornetix.
 * There are now 7 servers and 7 clients.
 * Testing is due to wrap up next Friday (December 20, 2019).

== KMIP F2F 2020 ==
 * Tony and Judy are putting together the agenda and are looking for topics and proposals. 

===  Joint TC Dinner with PKCS#11 ===
 * Dinner is normally held between the PKCS#11 and KMIP meetings.
 * Application for funding by IDTrust is in and update is expected next week.
 * Tony C is looking for someone to organize/book a venue for the dinner.

== New Business ==
=== Regular meeting timeslot ===
 * A poll was done to collect member's time zones. Tony and Judy discussed the results and given the locations and the need for both co-chairs the options are to keep the same time or to push back 1-2 hours.
 * Tim H commented that leaving it is the least worse choice. There were no further comments.
 * Pending additional comments the time will stay as is. It can be revisited as membership changes.

=== Holiday season meeting schedule ===
 * TC discussed the schedule for meetings over the holidays. TC agreed to cancel the meetings on December 19, December 26, and January 2. The next meeting is January 9, 2020.
 * Given the long holiday break it was proposed to move 2.1 forward now instead of waiting until the next meeting.
 * Tim H's preference is to be in a more official state prior to RSA and is willing to make a motion to move it forward.
 * Bruce has not received feedback on his latest work and owes Judy the text for it.   
 * Since the usage guide is non-normative it does not need the same lead time as the spec and profiles.
 * Nothing has come up from Interop that would affect the spec or profile, just a few issues with the test cases.

'''Motion that the TC approve:
- KMIP Specification V2.1 WD05 and all associated artifacts packaged together in https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/66207/kmip-spec-v2.1-wd05.docx; and
- KMIP Profiles V2.1 WD01 and all associated artifacts packaged together in https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/65676/kmip-profiles-v2.1-wd01.docx and https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/66328/kmip-profiles-v2.1-wd01b.zip 
as Committee Specification Drafts and designate the .doc version of the specifications as authoritative.'''

 * Tim H moves, Chuck seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

 * Tony and Judy will coordinate to put the request through.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: January 9, 2020
 * Judy will send out calendar invites for 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Chris from HPE

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C second, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:21 US-EST ==
