= Meeting Minutes Jan 16 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Jerry seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from Jan 9, 2020'''

 * Tony C moves, Sue seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the Jan 9, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status ===
 * Tony C - 2.1 is basically wrapped up pending updates from Interop. There are probably a couple of small updates coming out of Interop but they are still being processed.
 * Tim H - Sent out usage guide text for key rotation for review
 

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
=== Status update (Tony C) ===
 * Results are still being processed, latest batch of results expected later today.
 * Hope to have full update at the next meeting.
 
=== Booth Logistics (Tony C) ===
 * Process for booth logistics is underway, more updates in the following meetings as decisions have been made.

== KMIP F2F 2020 ==
 * Tony C has put out a straw poll for attendance for either in person or remote for either day.
 * Tony C and Judy sent out an email for a call of topics for the F2F.
 
=== Joint TC Dinner with PKCS#11 ===
 * Tony C will book a location for dinner on Wed night in Sunnyvale. No comments received.
 * Tony C will put out a poll in the coming week or to to get attendance numbers.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: Jan 23, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Tim C, Jason, Greg

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * TIm H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:13 US-EST ==
