= Meeting Minutes Jan 23 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Chuck seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from Jan 16, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the Jan 16, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
=== Status update (Tony C) ===
 * All the test results have been collected and the Interop participants have voted to accept the test results.
 * Tony C is working on turning the results into a presentable format.
 * The Interop process has resulted in a changes to the specification, profile and test cases that need to be discussed. 
 * Specification  - Tony C will post a delta of the changes, version will move to working draft 6
 * Profile and Test Cases - Tim H sent out an email with a summary of the changes and a diff. Plan is to have people review them for discussion at next week's meeting.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status ===
 * Chuck and Tony C are working on updating the specification.
 * Tim H and Tim C are working on updating the profile.

== KMIP F2F 2020 ==
 * A few suggestions have been turned in.
 * Tony C made another call out for more topics, especially for topics focused on where we are going next.
 * Attendance poll will continue for a week.

=== Joint TC Dinner with PKCS#11 ===
 * IDTrust has approved request for funding.
 * Tony C is working selecting a venue and asked for suggestions.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: Jan 30, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Bruce

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:11 US-EST ==
