= Meeting Minutes August 27, 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (August 20, 2020)
 * KMIP v2.1
   * Status
 * KMIP v3.0
   * Obliterate Spec Deltas (Anthony B ) 
   * Status update (wiki review)
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting
 

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Jerry S moves, Bruce R seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from August 20, 2020'''

 * Greg S moves, Chuck W second. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the August 20, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==

 * Tony spoke with TCAdmin and the KMIP 2.1 Spec & Profile should be published in a few days, which will kick off the six week Candidate OASIS review period which would conclude around late October.

== KMIP 3.0 ==

=== Obliterate Spec Deltas ===

 * Anthony B walked the TC though the spec deltas for the new Obliterate Operation.  See (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=67650)

 * Chuck asked if the operation should return the UUID of what was Obliterated (mimicking what the Destroy operation does)
   * Anthony B didn't include this since the client sending the request had the UUID to make the request
   * Bruce C thought the proposal as it stands (no UUID returned) was the reasonable approach because the object associated with the UUID is gone and some implementations may choose to reuse a UUID so the reference object would be different.
   * After discussion TC decided to leave the proposal as it was written (no UUID returned)

'''Motion to approve the Obliterate Operation Spec deltas in the KMIP 3.0 Specification.'''

 * Bruce R moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Obliterate Operation updates approved.

=== Status Update ===

 * Discussed and adjusted the due dates of the outstanding 3.0 proposals on the wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0) 

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: September 3, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Tim C (NetApp)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Chuck W seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:20 US-EST ==
