= Meeting Minutes May 14 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 07, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C moves. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 07, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop - RSA 2021 ==
 * There are still a couple of spots available. Deadline for signup is the end of May. Do not know if there will be another extension.
 * Contact Tony C or Jane Harnad for more information.
 
== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status - Spec & Profiles ===
 * Waiting for TC Admin to publish the Spec and Profiles as Committee Specification.
 
=== SoUs ===
 * Tony is working on SoU for Cryptsoft and is needs the committee spec references to finish.
 
=== Status - Test Cases & Usage Guide ===
 * TC Admin has received the request to publish the documents.
 * Per a request from TC admin, the motion language in the minutes from last week's call were updated with the urls for the Test Cases and Usage Guide.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Status update ===
 * Specification has been posted with the base content to do spec deltas.
 * Need the same for Profiles, Test Cases, and Usage Guide.
 * Tony C will create a straw poll for the name of the obliterate operation.
 * The next deliverable is due May 21 by Bruce for name and link representation.
 
=== Rotate Name (Bruce R) ===
 * Bruce proposed that Rotate Name be updated to reflect the changes being made to Name and would be done when the changes to Name are made.
 * Mark asked about Alternative Name and if it should be included. Bruce replied that Alternative Name would stay the same as it has no uniqueness guarantee.
 * There were no other questions or comments.
 * No motion is needed as it will be addressed when reviewing the spec delta.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: May 21, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Chuck moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:13 US-EST ==
