= Meeting Minutes April 30 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from April 23, 2020'''

 * Tim C moves, Tony C moves. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the April 23, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop - RSA 2021 ==
 * Per Jane, RSA has extended the signup deadline to the end of May 2020. 
 * As previously discussed at the F2F the intent is to be testing the next version of KMIP.
 
== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status - Spec & Profiles ===
  
 * The ballot for spec and profiles have been posted.
 * Chet has confirmed that the voting rights for the ballot are up to date as of this call.
 
=== SoUs ===
 
 * Tony is working on SoU for Cryptsoft. 
 * Anyone who has participated in interop testing for KMIP 2.1 is eligible to provide a SoU.
 
=== Status - Test Cases & Usage Guide ===

 * Tim H has posted the word doc listing all the test cases.
 * Tony C will send out the motion language for the next call.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Status update ===
 * There are a number of open action items on the KMIP 3.0 page in the wiki.
 * An owner for split key is needed.
 * Due dates still need to be specified. Tony C will call for dates on the next call to start the work moving forward.
 * For the document editors, the starter documents for 3.0 are available for use. 
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: May 7, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Greg seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:10 US-EST ==
