= Meeting Minutes June 18, 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (June 04, 2020)
 * KMIP Interop - RSA 2021
 * KMIP v2.1
   * SoUs
 * KMIP v3.0
   * Status update (wiki review)
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim C moves, Jerry S seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from June 4, 2020'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg G seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the June 4, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop - RSA 2021 ==
 * June 30, 2020 is the deadline for participation in the OASIS Booth - KMIP Interop at RSAC 2021
 * Presently 4 of the 8 slots are filled.  OASIS needs 7 slots filled in order to go foward.
 * Any TC member company interested in participating should contact either Jane Harnad or Tony C.

== KMIP 2.1 ==

=== SoUs  ===
 * Two SoUs (Cryptsoft, Utimaco) have been submitted for KMIP 2.1.  
 * At least one more SoU needed in order to progress the KMIP 2.1 Spec and Profiles on the OASIS standards track.
 * The TC standing rules require that companies submitting SoUs must have participated in the KMIP TC Interop event.

== KMIP 3.0 ==

=== Status Update ===

 * Tony C conducted a verbal review of the 3.0 proposals on the wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0).
 * Tim H had three items due this week which he asked to be pushed out by at least a week.
 * There are a number of proposals due around June 25th and June 30th.  Tony C asked that anyone with proposals review the due dates and adjust as necessary.  Feel free to update the wiki directly or conctact Tony C or Judy F to make the updates.
 
=== KMIP 3.0 Spec ===

 * Tony C has completed WD2 of the KMIP 3.0 Spec.  The draft is presently with Chuck W who is reviewing the changes.  Tony C or Chuck W will post the WD to the reflector in the next day or so.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: June 25, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Greg S moved and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:09 US-EST ==
