= Meeting Minutes May 07 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from April 30, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Greg moves. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the April 30, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop - RSA 2021 ==
 * RSA has extended the signup deadline to the end of May.
 * There are still a couple of spots available. Contact Tony C or Jane Harnad for more information.
 
== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status - Spec & Profiles ===
 * Ballot is currently running and closes later today. The minimum number of votes for passage has been met.
 
=== SoUs ===
 * Tony is working on SoU for Cryptsoft. 
 * Anyone who has participated in interop testing for KMIP 2.1 is eligible to provide a SoU.
 
=== Status - Test Cases & Usage Guide ===
 * Usage Guide hasn't changed in some time and is ready to move forward.
 * Test Cases have been well tested and the word document containing the list of Test Cases and references has been posted.
 * There were no comments or concerns with moving the Usage Guide and Test Cases forward.
  
'''Motion to approve the Key Management Interoperability Protocol Test Cases Version 2.1 Working Draft 02 (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/67127/kmip-testcases-v2.1-wd02.docx) and all associated artifacts packaged together at https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/66580/kmip-testcases-v2.1-wd02.zip as a Committee Note and designate the docx version of the note as authoritative.'''
	
 * Tim H moves, Chuck seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

'''Motion to approve the Key Management Interoperability Protocol Usage Guide Version 2.1 Working Draft 01 (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/66666/kmip-ug-v2.1-wd01.docx) as a Committee Note and designate the docx version of the note as authoritative.'''
	
 * Chuck moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Status update ===
 * Due dates were provided by the owners of the action items and will be posted to the wiki.
 * Chuck volunteered to be the owner for Split Key.
 * Chuck may have some feedback on Obliterate to provide on next week's call.
 * The first working draft of the 3.0 spec has been posted.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: May 14, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Kenli

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Chuck seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:16 US-EST ==
