= Meeting Minutes July 23, 2020 - Draft =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (July 9, 2020)
 * KMIP v2.1
   * Status
 * KMIP v3.0
   * Status update (wiki review)
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting


'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim C moves, Jerry S seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from July 9, 2020'''

 * Steve E moves, Greg S & Tim C second. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the July 9, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==

 * Special majority ballot to move the KMIP 2.1 Specification and Profiles documents to Candidate OASIS Standards has been opened and will close on July 27, 2020.  See: https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/ballot.php?id=3516
 * Please vote if you have not already done so.

== KMIP 3.0 ==

=== Status Update ===

 * Tony C noted that a number of the 3.0 proposals on the wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0) are reaching their due date (July 30th/31st) and asked if anyone of the owners on the call were fine with the planned date or if they wished the dates to be moved.  
  * Anthony B has one proposal that will be ready by the existing due date.
  * Bruce C was fine leaving his proposal at August 6th.
  * Tim C asked that his client authentication proposal be moved to August 20th.
  * Tony will check with Tim H and Chuck W who were not on the call regarding the due dates of their proposals.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: July 30, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Chris H (HPE)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Greg S moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:09 US-EST ==
