= Meeting Minutes May 21 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 14, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C moves. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 14, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop - RSA 2021 ==
 * RSA has moved the conference date from February to May.
 * There are still a couple of spots available. 
 * Tony is checking with Jane on if the booth signup deadline has changed from the end of next week.
 
== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status - Spec & Profiles ===
 * The Spec and Profile has been published as committee specs.
 
=== SoUs ===
 * SoUs can now be published.
 * 3 SoUs are needed are required before the Spec and Profile can be moved to candidate OASIS spec.
 * Cryptsoft SoU has been posted.
 * Interop testers from last fall can submit a SoU.
 
=== Status - Test Cases & Usage Guide ===
 * Test Cases and Usage Guide have been published as committee notes. No further actions are needed.
 
== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Status update ===
 * Straw poll for name of Obliterate operation is up and closes May 28th. Votes can be changed up to when the poll closes.
 
=== Name Representations (Bruce R) ===
 * Bruce reviewed the proposed spec delta for Name Representation.
 * There were no questions about the proposal.

'''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Bruce for Name Representation for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Chuck moves, Judy seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: May 28, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Chuck moves and Tim H seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:21 US-EST ==
