= Meeting Minutes December 10 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 19, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Justin seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the November 19, 2020 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status update ===
 * KMIP 2.1 is still out for the call for consent which closes Monday 11:59 pm UTC. So far there is 100% approval from the votes so far.

== Next KMIP vF2F Meeting update ==
 * Tony C asked for alternatives to calling it a virtual face to face and proposed summit. There were no objections or comments so we will go with summit for now.
 * Tony C and Judy are working on a ballot for the next meeting to decide the schedule and details (when, how often we meet and for how long).
 
== KMIP Interop 2021 ==
 * There were no comments or suggestions regarding Interop or Plugfest alternatives for next year. It will be brought up again at a further meeting.
 
== Holiday Schedule ==
 * There were no comments or objections to the following schedule
  * Meet next week, December 17 as scheduled.
  * No meetings December 24 and 31.
  * Resume meetings January 7 2021.
 * Judy will send out the new meeting invites and Tony C will update the Zoom invitation for 2021.

== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: January 7, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Ed

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves and Tim H seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:10 US-EST ==
