= Meeting Minutes July 09 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from June 25, 2020'''

 * Tim C moves, Chuck W seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the June 25, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop - RSA 2021 ==
 * There is no new news at this time. Tony C has reached out to Jane Harnad for an update.
 
== KMIP 2.1 ==
 
=== SoUs ===
 * We have three SoUs turned in. There were no questions or objections to them.

'''Motion to accept 3 statements of use made by Cryptsoft, Utimaco and PrimeKey for KMIP v2.1 Specification and KMIP v2.1 Profiles.'''
 
 * Tim H moves, Tim C and Judy seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

=== Approve Spec & Profiles ===

'''Motion to approve the Co-Chairs making a non-material change to update the acknowledgement list within the KMIP v2.1 Specification and Profiles Committee Specifications and requesting that TC Administration hold a Special Majority Vote to approve submitting Key Management Interoperability Protocol Specification v2.1 Committee Specification at https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/67433/kmip-spec-v2.1-cs01a.docx and Key Management Interoperability Protocol Profiles v2.1 Committee Specification at https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/67435/kmip-profiles-v2.1-cs01a.docx as Candidate OASIS Standards.'''

 * Tim H moves, Chuck seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.
  
== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Status update (wiki review) ===
 * Topics due last week and this week have been pushed back. Refer to the wiki for the updated dates.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * The Zoom meeting ID will need to change to accommodate using a meeting password. Tony C will be sending out the updated meeting info directly to the regular members.
 
 Next TC Meeting: July 16, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Oscar

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:12 US-EST ==
