= Meeting Minutes November 19 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Greg moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 12, 2020'''

 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the November 12, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status ===
 * Chet is behind with the website update and is looking to have it out later today or tomorrow.
  
== Next KMIP (Virtual?) F2F Meeting ==
 * Tony C and Judy are working through the options from last week's meeting and will discuss it at the next meeting.
 * Ballot has closed with Option 8 (16:00 - 21:00 UTC) getting 11 votes, Option 1 (19:00 - 24:00 UTC) getting 9 votes, and Option 3 (01:00 - 06:00 UTC) also getting 9 votes.
 * The ballot results will be used as a guidance as the format still needs to be determined.
 * Anthony brought up that we should get attendance commitments to help set the schedule.
  
== KMIP Interop 2021 ==
 * Tony C talked with Dee and Jane and they understand that the TC doesn't want to run an Interop in association with the RSA event or be part of an expo.
 * Tony C mentioned that we should review alternatives that we can do, like plugfest, in a December meeting.
 
== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * There is no meeting next week due to US Thanksgiving holiday.
 * Next TC Meeting: December 3, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jason

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:11 US-EST ==
