## page was copied from MeetingMinutes/04May2020
= Meeting Minutes June 04 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve updated Agenda with Link Representation added''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 28, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C moves. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 28, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop - RSA 2021 ==
 * There are still spots available. Revised deadline for signup is June 30.
 * Contact Tony or Jane Harnad for more information.
 
== KMIP 2.1 ==
 
=== SoUs ===
 * One has been posted, a couple are being worked on.
 * Contact Tony with questions.
 
== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Status update (wiki review) ===
 * Tony has updated the wiki based on last week's call.

=== Link Representation (Bruce R) ===
 * Bruce reviewed the proposal that he uploaded May 29.
 * There was a discussion about deleting items marked as depreciated. The editors will raise this in a future meeting.
 * Anthony raised a question if this supersedes existing references/links. Further conversation on this is needed.
 * There were no other questions or comments.
 
'''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Bruce for Link Representation for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

 * Tony will be posting WD2 that will include Name, Rotate Name, and Link Representation.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: June 11, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Steve

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:28 US-EST ==
