= Meeting Minutes October 1, 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from September 10, 2020'''

 * Greg moves, Tony C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the September 10, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status ===
 * It is still out for public review. There have been no comments other than the comments from TC Admin about references.
 * Once the public review closes, the comments from TC Admin will be addressed with a republication of the committee draft which will go straight to committee spec.
  
== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== User Credential (Tim H) ===
 * Tim H reviewed the proposed spec delta for User Credential.
 * There were no questions or comments about the proposal. 
 
 '''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Tim H for User Credential for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Greg moves, Judy seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.
 
=== Status update (wiki review) ===
 * Refer to the wiki for the latest schedule for the topics.
 
== New Business ==
 * Bruce noted that there has been activity with the NIST publications related to authentication. 
 * It should be looked at further to see if there is anything there that could affect 3.0.
 * Tony will add to this to next week's agenda.
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: October 8, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Justin, Brett, Jerry, Chris, Ed

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Justin seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:24 US-EST ==
