= Meeting Minutes July 30 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from July 23, 2020'''

 * Greg moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the July 23, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status ===
 * Ballot has closed and it is in the 60 day review.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Batching (Anthony B) ===
 * Anthony B reviewed the proposed spec delta for Batching.
 * There were no questions or comments about the proposal. 
 
 '''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Anthony B for Batching for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Tim C moves, Judy seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.
 
=== Split Key Polynomial (Chuck W) ===
 * Chuck W reviewed the proposed spec delta for Split Key Polynomial.
 * Tim H commented that Link should be added to the end of Split Key Base. There were no objections to it being added.
 * Bruce and Judy noted a couple of needed editorial updates.
 * There were no other questions or comments about the proposal. 
 
 '''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Chuck W for Split Key Polynomial for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Bruce moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

=== Automation Architecture (Tim H) ===
 * Tim H reviewed the proposed spec delta for Automation Architecture.
 * Chuck asked a question about adding a system object identifier (and leaving one out if it a user object). Discussion on the merits of this approach followed noting that there omitting an identifier for one object class would impact locate operations.
 * Agreed spec has chosen to be explicit about identifiers so proposal to remain as posted.
 * There were no other questions or comments about the proposal. 
 
 '''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Tim H for Automation Architecture for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

=== Status update (wiki review) ===
 * Tony C will update the wiki to reflect today's meeting.
 * Refer to the wiki for the latest schedule for the topics.

=== Spec changes in WD02 ===
 * Tim H posted a comment about the document structure.
 * After a discussion it was decided to take the approach recommended by Tim in his email to TC mailing list (include as a subsection of 4.31).
 * Tony C and Chuck will put out an updated version with the changes.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: August 6, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jerry

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:47 US-EST ==
