= Meeting Minutes August 6 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from July 30, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the July 30, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status ===
 * We are waiting for TC Admin to publish 2.1 as COS.
 
== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Name Lifecycle (Tim H) ===
 * Tim H reviewed the proposed spec delta for Name Lifecycle.
 * Chuck asked if the link or name reference would take precedent. Discussion followed summarizing that a link can now be to a name instead of a uuid and as they were acting independently, there was no need to specify precedence.
 * There were no other questions or comments about the proposal. 
 
 '''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Tim H for Name Lifecycle for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.
 
=== Grouping Objects (Tim H) ===
 * Tim H reviewed the proposed spec delta for Grouping Objects.
 * There were no questions or comments about the proposal. 
 
 '''Motion to accept the spec delta as proposed by Tim H for Grouping Objects for inclusion in version 3.0 of the Spec'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

=== Status update (wiki review) ===
 * Tony C proposed cancelling the Aug 13 meeting to allow for additional time to work on the working draft. There were no objections.
 * Tony C will update the wiki to reflect today's meeting and the Aug 13 meeting being cancelled.
 * Refer to the wiki for the latest schedule for the topics.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Per discussion the meeting on Aug 13th is cancelled. 
 * Next TC Meeting: August 20, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Bruce, Steve, Jerry

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:26 US-EST ==
