= Meeting Minutes Jan 30 2020 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from Jan 23, 2020'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the Jan 23, 2020 meeting approved.

== KMIP Interop 2020 ==
=== Status update (Tony C) ===
 * Tony C is working on the results and should have them posted in the next week or two.
 * Booth layout and signage has been figured out.
 * Jane will be sending out an email going over logistics.
 * Booth # is 1249 in the South Hall.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status ===
 * Tony C uploaded WD6 of the Spec.
 * Tim H uploaded WD2 of the Profile, only a change to the version number was made.
 * No general comments on Tim H's previous updates to the Test Cases, comments were received during Interop.
 * Tony C will call for a motion on the next call to move the Spec and Profile to committee spec draft and put out for public review.
 * Tony C will email the motions prior to next week's call.
 * Bruce asked about the types of changes that were made to the Spec. Tony C replied that most were clarification/editorial changes and addressing some result reason codes that were missed.
 
== KMIP F2F 2020 ==
 * Some proposals have been received. More are still needed.
 * Tim H will provide Cryptsoft's proposals before the next call.
 * Attendance ballot is still open.
 * Coronavirus was brought up and it and its potential impact on the F2F will be discussed on the next call.
 
=== Joint TC Dinner with PKCS#11 ===
 * Tony C is working on the venue for the joint dinner and will put out an attendance poll once selected.
 
== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: Feb 6, 2020

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jerry, Oscar

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:15 US-EST ==
