= Meeting Minutes May 6, 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (April 8, 2021)
 * KMIP V3.0 
   * KMIP wiki review (required profiles and test cases)
 * Interop Test
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting 

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Greg S moves, Tim H seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from April 8, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the April 8, 2021 meeting approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==

=== Wiki Review ===
 * Tony C updated the KMIP 3.0 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0) based on the discussion at the previous TC meeting to show which KMIP 3.0 proposals required Profiles, Test Cases and Usage Guide content.
 * TC reviewed the updates during this meeting to ensure there were no concerns
   * Tim H raised a question on Split Key.  Presently there are only test cases for Split key and no profile but updates to both were indicated on the wiki.  Tony C will revise the wiki.

== Interop Test ==

 * Tony C posted an updated KMIP TC Interoperability Test Process to the OASIS site (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=68570)
 * Tony C did a walkthrough of this new process with the TC, highlighting the changes given that this Interop Test would not be done in conjunction with the RSA Conference and the OASIS Booth. 

'''Motion to approve the updated KMIP TC Interoperability Test Process for use during the 2021 KMIP TC Interop'''

 * Greg S moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments.  KMIP TC Interoperability Test Process approved for use.


 * Tony C will start working on a more detailed timeline for the Interop
 * TC members interested in participating in the interop should let Tony C know.  Members who have not previously participated in an interop are encouraged to do so.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: May 20, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Steve E moves, and Greg S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:20 US-EST ==
