= Meeting Minutes May 20, 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (May 6, 2021)
 * KMIP V3.0
  * KMIP wiki review (required profiles and test cases)
 * Interop Test
 * New Business
  * Markup Text
  * TCG update
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 6, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 6, 2021 meeting approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Wiki Review ===
 * Working our way through the content for the Profiles, Test Cases and Usage Guide content as noted for the KMIP 3.0 proposal on the wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0)
 * Tony C asked the authors of the Profiles, Test Cases and Usage Guide if they had received any content from proposal authors.  Both Judy F (Usage Guide) and Tim H (Profiles/Test Cases) stated that they had not received content.
 * Tony C encouraged the proposal authors to provide the assigned content

== Interop Test ==
 * Tony C as started to reach out to TC members who have traditionally participated in Interop events to begin to compile the list of participants in the Interop Test planned for September 2021.
 * Tim C asked if there were any costs associated with participating in this Interop Test.  Tony C noted that there are no external costs/fees.  Only the internal costs (e.g. engineering resources, etc.) associated with an TC member participating in the event.
 * Mark J stated that P6R will participate in the Interop Test.  Tony C will add them to the participants list.
 * Other TC members interested in participating in the Interop Test should contact Tony C.

== New Business ==
=== Markdown ===
 * Tony C noted that use of Markdown is being raised in other OASIS TCs.  Markdown would be used as a replacement for the current MS Word formatted documents.
 * TC members briefly discussed their experiences using Markdown and its benefits
  * Markdown would make documentation more amenable to machine readability
  * Links to several Markdown resources were provided
   * Mastering Markdown: https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/
   * Markdown Cheatsheet: https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf
 * Tony C recommended that TC members familiarize themselves with Markdown and we can include considering changing to Markdown for KMIP 3.1 and later as a topic on the agenda for the KMIP Summit planned for later this year.

=== TCG Update ===
 * Judy F passed on an update from her colleague Chandra N on the TCG Storage WG.
  * The TCG Storage WG group have completed a ballot on the key format for key injection for (NVMe) KPIO (key per I/O).  The group voted to support the KMIP defined key format as the one to prioritize.  The TCG defined key format will be deprioritized for now.
  * Once they WG has more clarity on the KMIP key types etc. they (via Chandra N) will be engaging with the KMIP OASIS TC regarding a new profile etc.

 * Tim C raised that the update going on with ISO 27040 Information Technology - Security Techniques - Storage Security is also raising some other KMIP updates/profile needs.  More details will be provided at a future TC meeting.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: June 3, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:17 US-EST ==

===== Meeting Recording - to be removed ~30 days after the meeting =====
https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/8qlAxojyTV8drjUS9jfRFpvONqQ_EDGfAREXDE9MzNkHr81ZAfiSW7XfaW-kLjuh.u-xC93iJOGWGuaUk Passcode: d!5A8uu1 
