= Meeting Minutes August 26 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from August 12, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the August 12, 2021 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== KMIP wiki review ===
 * Tony C has posted working draft 13 along with the markups.
 * The enumeration for counters has been removed in working draft 14.
 * Tony C will hold on to working draft 14 for now while waiting for updates coming from the profile and test cases.
 * Tim H and Tim C are working on their test cases. 
 * Judy has received from Tony C usage guide materials for deactivate and counter and has put it into the usage guide working draft.

== Interop Test ==
 * The Interop won't be able at its originally scheduled date as the test cases won't be completed by then.
 * The new start date will be reviewed at the next meeting.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: September 23 , 2021
 * Chris brought up TCG and KPIO and Tim C said that he has been monitoring their meetings and no hard requirements has come up yet.
 * If something urgent comes up it can be raised by email to the mailing list.

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Oscar

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:13 US-EST ==
