= Meeting Minutes April 8, 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (March 11, 2021)
 * KMIP V3.0
  * KMIP wiki review (required profiles and test cases)
 * KMIP Summit
 * Interop Test
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Greg S seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from March 11, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the March 11, 2021 meeting approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Wiki Review ===
 * TC reviewed the KMIP 3.0 list of proposals (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0) to determine which needed Profiles, Test Cases and Usage Guide content.
 * Tony C will update the wiki to reflect the discussion and will post a note to the KMIP list when the updates are complete.  Please review to ensure changes are as expected.

== KMIP Summit ==
 * We need about three week of run time to organize the Summit. So we ae past the window to schedule a Summit for late April 2021.
 * TC discussed when would be a good time to hold the Summit.
  * Tim H noted that there is a few months of work left to wrap up KMIP 3.0
  * We also need to avoid summer vacation in northern hemisphere.
  * Conclusion was to work towards a Summit in late September 2021 (Note: This may need to move later to not conflict with Interop (see subsequent discussion)
 * Please send agenda topics and estimated timeslot to Tony C and Judy F

== Interop Test ==
 * There have been queries around doing an Interop Test this year.  The focus would be interop testing of KMIP 3.0
 * TC discussed timeframe for Interop event and also arrived at September as the best option.
  * Will target the second week of September for the event
  * We will delay the KMIP Summit to prevent these two events overlapping.  We would also like to do a readout of the Interop at the Summit.
 * Tony C reviewed the Interop related motions that the TC had made earlier
  * TC made motion to run an Interop event in 2021.  The initial assumption was in association with the RSA Conference but with that virtual the TC agreed to no pursue that.
  * Motion for Tony C to continue as Interop lead
  * Motion to use the Interop Marker in the next interop
 * Tony C asked if the TC had any concerns with these three previous motions.  No concerns were raised.
 * Tony C noted that adjustments will need to made to the existing Interop process to incorporate these motions and to remove a demonstration of the interop at the RSA Conference.
  * Tony C will make the updates to the Interop process and draft a timeline for the Interop and bring them to the TC for review

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: April 22, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jerry S (Fornetix)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves, and Jerry S seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:26 US-EST ==
