= Meeting Minutes July 15 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from June 24, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the June 24, 2021 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Status + changes ===
 * Tony C posted working draft 12 of the spec with the following updates:
  * Corrected Certificate Attributes
  * Added missing Link Attributes inc. tags
   * Certificate Request Link
   * Joined Split Key Link
   * Split Key Base Link
  * Corrected Object Class references 
 
 * Tony C proposed keeping KMIP 3.0 open to allow for additional items to be added. There were no objections to the proposal.
 
 * Tim C will present updates to the register command at next meeting. Tony C will add it to the agenda.

=== KMIP wiki review ===
 * Tim H and Tim C are still working on KMIP 3.0 Test Cases and Profiles documents.
 * Judy F confirmed that she is still waiting on Usage Guide materials associated with the KMIP 3.0 proposals as noted on the wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0).

== Interop Test ==
 * Interop is scheduled for September.
 * There are four parties interested in participating.
 * Please let Tony C know if you plan to participate in the Interop.

== New Business ==
=== Counters ===
 * Tony C reviewed his presentation on counters.
 * Bruce asked how this would interact with usage limits. Tony C's intent was for them to not interact with each other.
 * Bruce asked if the server was to react to what its counting in any way other than counting it. Tony C didn't want to include server responses to the count at this time.
 * It was decided to take additional time to look into it further.

=== Password Credential ===
 * Bruce proposed that an iteration counter needs to be added to the hashed password credential structure.
 * Bruce and Tony C will work on a spec delta for review.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: July 29, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jerry

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:27 US-EST ==

''' Recording available: https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/WAKr3grHxq0igqpcmpUriRjLv--RifVHJSaBsI7787s9HgWpT-62Ml74HFn25aEm.Q1RAJ28xVYxlfCVU?startTime=1626382613000 '''
 * Note: Recordings will be expunged ~30 days after the meeting
