= Meeting Minutes February 11 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Justin moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from January 28, 2021'''

 * Jerry moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the January 28, 2021 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== Ephemeral return payload ===
 * Tony C owes Tim H a draft of the amendment presented in the last meeting. He will have it for the next meeting
 * Proposals PKCS#11 and Locate Predicates have been moved to Feb 25.
 * CBOR has been pushed to KMIP 3.1 due to developments in that space.
 
== KMIP Summit ==
 * There has been no changes since the last meeting.
 * Aiming for mid to late April Summit which means mid-March for submission deadline.
  
== OASIS policy changes ==
 * OASIS made changes to the TC and OASIS committee operations processes that have an impact on the TC.
 * Every four years the charter must be reviewed.
  * The charter needs to be reviewed to see if it is still relevant and any changes need to be made.
  * Changes to the charter cannot changes the IPR and RF on RAND rules.
  * Choices are to a motion to continue with the current charter or decide that a discussion is needed.
  * A review of the charter must show in the minutes every four years to satisfy the new rules. A motion can always be brought up at any time outside that window to revise the charter.  

'''Motion to state that the TC continue its work under the current charter.'''

 Tim H moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

 * Every two years the appointment of the chairs must be reviewed.
  * This must be done by a nomination of candidates by email with the nomination period being seven days.
  * If there are one or two nominations then it is handled by a motion. If there are more than two nominations it needs to go to ballot.
  * Tony C and Judy are both willing to continue as co-chairs and will send out their nomination email.
   
== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: February 25, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Jessie, Jerry

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Greg seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:16 US-EST ==
