= Meeting Minutes February 25 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from February 11, 2021'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the February 11, 2021 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
 * There are two items outstanding: PKCS#11 and Locate Predicates. Both are moved to the next meeting. CBOR has been moved to 3.1.
 * Tim H brought up a situation where in the PKCS#11 XML there would be a normative reference to PKCS#11 Profiles 3.1, which is not yet complete.
 * Tony C suggested leaving it as normative and updating it later as an editorial change. 
 * Tony C will confirm the opinion with Chet.

=== Ephemeral return payload ===
 * Tony C will upload a new working draft with the adjustment to ephemeral return payload included. 
 
== KMIP Summit ==
 * The target date is still mid to late April.
 * The topic list needs to be finalized by the 3rd week of March.
 * For those interested in presenting, please send your topic, topic description and time needed to Tony C and Judy. 

== KMIP TC Co-Chair election ==
 * Only nominations from Tony C and Judy were received during the nomination period.

"Motion to approve Judith Furlong and Tony Cox to continue as Co-Chairs of the KMIP TC."

 * Tim H moves, Jerry seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.
 
== KMIP TC Meeting time review ==
 * TC members in India have sent in a request for a new meeting time more suitable for them to be able to attend.
 * Rinkesh suggested the following options
  * Record these meetings so that people can go through them offline
   * Tim C suggested that recordings be made available to TC members and deleted after a time period so they are not part of the permanent record.
   * Tony C said that the Zoom recoding would be available to everyone who had the invitation to that meeting.
   * Chuck suggested that people check with their companies about being recorded.
  * Plan meetings in different time zones every alternate week to cover all the participants
   * Tony C has participated in these types of TCs with little continuity of success.
   * There were no other comments about this option.
  * Start meetings couple of hours early or delay it by 3-4 hours
   * Moving the start time either way impacts someone. 
   * Roughly 40 percent of the TC is in the east coast time zone.
 * There were no objections to further looking into recording meetings
 * Tony C will discuss recording the meetings with Chet. The other two options will be put on hold for now.
 
== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: March 11, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Sue, Deepak, Chanrda

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:25 US-EST ==
