= Meeting Minutes January 14 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Greg moves, Jerry seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from December 17, 2020'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the December 17, 2020 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 2.1 ==
=== Status update ===
 * KMIP 2.1 was published just before the end of the year.
 * Tony C and Judy are working on the introduction webinar.
 
== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== WD09 ===
 * WD09 contains the spec delta for deactivate proposal, minor cleanups, and cleanup of identifier clashes introduced by spec deltas in WD07 and WD08.
 * There are a couple of outstanding proposals that are scheduled to be discussed on next week's call. 
 
== KMIP TC Summit 2021 Planning ==
 * Tony C and Judy are working on the details for the summit, including the date and times based on the results of the format poll.
 * Date was originally discussed to be late February but it may be pushed out to end of the quarter or early next quarter.
 
== KMIP Interop 2021 ==
 * There were no comments about having either a Plugfest or Interop or when it would be.

== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: January 21, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Chuck, Chandra

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves and Greg seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:10 US-EST ==
