= Meeting Minutes November 18 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from October 21, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the October 21, 2021 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== KMIP wiki review (required profiles and test cases) ===
 * No comments on the latest working draft.
 * Tim H is making progress on the test cases.
 * Judy has no new updates on the usage guide.

== Interop Test ==
 * The Interop is still waiting on the profiles and test cases.

== New Business ==
 * Tony C is stepping down as KMIP TC co-chair as of November 18, 2021.
 * Judy is continuing as the other KMIP TC co-chair.

'''Motion to nominate Greg Scott from Cryptsoft for role of KMIP TC co-chair'''

 * Tony C moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

'''Motion to commend Tony C for all of his excellent work over the years'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg, Chuck and Judy seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: December 2, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Judy) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves and Jerry seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:10 US-EST ==
