= Meeting Minutes June 3 2021 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Tony C)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 20, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 20, 2021 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==
=== KMIP wiki review ===
 * Working our way through the content for the Profiles, Test Cases and Usage Guide content as noted for the KMIP 3.0 proposal on the wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0)
 * Tony C encouraged the proposal authors to provide the assigned content.

== Interop Test ==
 * Tony C is continuing to speak to TC members about participating. There are three firm yeses and a couple of maybes.
 * Other TC members interested in participating in the Interop Test should contact Tony C.

== TCG KPIO discussion ==
 * Chandra said that there are no updates since the May 20 meeting and if there is a profile that needs to be done it will be brought up.
 
== New Business ==
 * None
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: June 24, 2021

== Call for Additional Attendees (Tony C) ==
 * Chandra

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:09 US-EST ==
