= Meeting Minutes February 24, 2022 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Judy)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from January 13, 2022'''

 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the January 13, 2022 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
 * Tim H uploaded the initial update of the 2.1 test cases to the 3.0 format. The strategy was to apply the 3.0 structure changes against the 2.1 test cases. 
 * Tim H is going through the wiki. He did not see any work that could be dropped.
 * Tim H uploaded new test cases and proposed usage guide text for split keys. A corresponding update to the spec will need to be done.
 * Tim C will work on the usage guide text for client mutual authentication.

== New Business ==
 * Greg received a question that came to Tony C from a contact working in Korea that is working on a key management system supporting KMIP and asked when the Interop will be held.
 * Tim H and Judy believe that it will probably be six months before the test cases are ready and an Interop can be scheduled.
 * Greg will respond with a rough timeline and the location of the current test cases.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: March 10, 2022

== Call for Additional Attendees (Judy) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:16 US-EST ==
