= Meeting Minutes July 28 2022 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Judy F)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (July 14, 2022)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from July 14, 2022'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the July 14, 2022 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S and Tim H are working on the next working draft. They are investigating apparent inconsistencies in the spec and hope to have an update at the next meeting.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is working on an update for the next meeting.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy F posted working draft 1 of the usage guide prior to the meeting containing updates to PKCS11, Split Key, and Obliterate
  * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70225/kmip-ug-v3.0-wd01.docx|KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide WD1]]
  * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70226/kmip-ug-v3.0-wd01(Markup).docx|KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide WD1 with marked changes]]

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==

 * Next TC Meeting: August 11, 2022

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * Jerry, Scott

'''Motion that Jerry's Leave of absence for the next meeting on August 11 be accepted.'''

 * Greg S moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions or comments. Motion passed.

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:08 US-EST ==
