= Meeting Minutes June 16, 2022 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Judy F)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (May 5, 2022)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 5, 2022'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 5, 2022 meeting approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S. posted a new working version of the KMIP 3.0 Specification document to the OASIS site (see https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=70069)
 * This update addresses a number of inconsistencies found as the Profiles and Test Cases have been put together.  For exmaple, references to Link Type Reference inconsistencies have been addressed.
 * TC members should review the draft and post feedback to the reflector.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H posted a new working draft of the KMIP 3.0 Profiles document to the OASIS site (see https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=70068)
 * Tim H noted that he is about half-way through creating profiles and test cases for the KMIP 3.0 proposals
 * Tim H recommended that given that 3.0 is a major release, all referencess and descriptions to Link should be reviewd and rationalized to make them consistent with one another.   A proposal will be be brought forward at a future TC meeting.
 * Bruce R asked a questions on the need to pass an authentication credential that is called out in Section 3.1.3 of the Profiles document.  Tim H noted this requirement to provide an authentication credential is only necessary when mutually authenticated TLS is not used.
 * Tim H mentioned that the Split Key section in the Spec needs to be updated to reference the OASIS SAM Threshold Sharing Schemes v1.0 which is now a standard (see https://docs.oasis-open.org/sam/sam-tss/v1.0/os/sam-tss-v1.0-os.pdf),  He noted there there are a few split key methods listed in this KMIP which are not implemented and suggested that 3.0 would be a good time to remove them from the Specification.
  * TC members agreed
  * Judy requested text for the deprecation section of the Usage Guide
  * Motion made to make this change

'''Motion to update the Split Key sections in the KMIP 3.0 Specifications to only include the XOR and Shamir Sharing methods described in the OASIS SAM Threshold Sharing Schemes v1.0.  Other methods will be removed.'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * No update on the KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Most Usage Guide text is still pending for KMIP 3.0

=== KMIP 3.0 Wiki ===
 * KMIP 3.0 wiki (https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/3.0) will be updated after the meeting to reflect content incluced in the KMIP 3.0 Spec and Profiles documents posted today

== New Business ==
 * International Cryptographic Module Conference (ICMC) 2022: Judy F has been invited to present on KMIP at the conference which will be held in September 2022
 * RSA Conference (RSAC) 2022:  Judy F provided a brief update of the conference that was held last week (June 6-9, 2022)

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: June 30, 2022

== Call for Additional Attendees ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H and Tim C second, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:20 US-EST ==
