= Meeting Minutes January 13, 2022 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Judy F)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (December 2, 2021)
 * Welcome to Program for 2022
 * KMIP 3.0 Status
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from December 2, 2021'''

 * Tim H moves, Judy F seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the December 2, 2021 meeting approved.

== Welcome to Program for 2022 ==
 * Greg welcomed everyone the 2022 edition of the KMIP TC
 * Short discussion on continued travel restrictions and in-person meeting requirements due to the pandemic
 * In light of the continued uncertainty and restrictions, it is very likely that the KMIP TC will need to plan for a virtual Interop event this year

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Test Cases and Profile ===
 * Status of these documents have not changed from last meeting
 * Tim H mentioned that as he has been creating the test cases he has found a few situations(4-5 updates) where the details from the 3.0 proposals were not fully incorporated into the KMIP Specification.  Tim is keeping track of the missing items and will share this list with Greg S and Chuck W to incorporate into the KMIP Specification

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy F has incorporating the Deactivate content provided by Tony C and is presently in the process of reviewing the KMIP 3.0 Specification changes and identifying necessary updates to the UG to align it with this version of the Spec.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: January 27, 2022

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg S) ==
 * Chuck W (Fornetix)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H and Tim C second, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:14 US-EST ==
