= Meeting Minutes July 14, 2022 =
== Meeting commenced 17:01 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Judy F)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (June 30, 2022)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds.  No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from June 30, 2022'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the [[https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/30Jun2022|June 30, 2022]] Meeting Minutes approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S, Received some comments from the TC, will be processing before the next meeting.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H updated the wiki entry - marking closed items
 * Tim H Hoping to get a cross-check between Profiles and Test cases completed by next meeting to get a sense of how that is progressing.
 * Tim H also planning an update to Profiles document

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Tim H sent out 2 sets of usage guide text for [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/202207/msg00001.html|splitkey and pkcs 11]]
 * Judy F Updated working copy, possibly put out an update before next meeting

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: July 28, 2022

== Call for Additional Attendees ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H and Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:09 US-EST ==
