= Meeting Minutes December 1, 2022 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (November 17, 2022)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 17, 2022'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the November 17, 2022 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S has made progress on the next working draft of KMIP 3.0 Specification document.  

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H has made steady progress on the KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy still needs to roll in Bruce's updates to the references into WD2 of the KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide.

== New Business ==

=== Welcome to the TC ===
 * Alex - welcome to the TC.

=== Code of Conduct ===
 * OASIS Board of Directors approved a Code of Conduct at its October meeting. 
 * The Code of Conduct can be found here: [[https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/oasis-participants-code-of-conduct/|Code of Conduct]]
 * A copy of the announcement email can be found here: [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/202212/msg00001.html|Announcement of the Code of Conduct]]

=== CSNA 2.0 ===
 * Tim H brought up CNSA 2.0 and post quantum algorithms.
  * CNSA 2.0 specifies both classic and post quantum algorithms.  The CNSA 2.0 document can be found here: https://media.defense.gov/2022/Sep/07/2003071834/-1/-1/0/CSA_CNSA_2.0_ALGORITHMS_.PDF
  * The four PQC algorithms announced as finalist by NIST are covered in the press release:  https://www.nist.gov/news-events/news/2022/07/nist-announces-first-four-quantum-resistant-cryptographic-algorithms
  * Namely CRYSTALS-Kyber, CRYSTALS-Dilithium, FALCON and SPHINCS+. Kyber and Dilithium are what are specified in CSNA 2.0
 * Judy brought up hashed based signatures.
  * The hash-based signatures LMS (Leighton-Micali Signature) and XMSS (Xtended Merkle Signature Scheme) are specified in CNSA 2.0 for code signing.
 * It was agreed that they should be included in KMIP 3.0.  
 * Greg S will update the KMIP 3.0 wiki to track the work needed.

=== Cryptographic Usage Mask Questions posted to KMIP-Comments ===
 * Tim H is working on the proposal referenced in the October 20 meeting minutes.

=== New OASIS Campaign ===
 * OASIS is looking for stories for a new campaign celebrating achievements of the technical communities. They are looking for real-life stories of where work made a difference. 
 * Contact Judy or Greg S for information on submitting a story.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: December 15, 2022

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * Jerry

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:26 US-EST ==
