= Meeting Minutes February 23, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (February 9, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * "Hash then Sign" Update
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim C moves, Tony C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from February 9, 2023'''

 * Judy moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the February 9, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S is working on updates to the KMIP 3.0 Spec.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is working on updates to the KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy is working on updates the KMIP 3.0 usage guide and is waiting for updates coming from specification and test cases.

== New Business ==
=== Hash then Sign  ===
 * Greg S forwarded Judy's email with the ‘Hash then Sign’ discussions to the PKCS#11 TC.
 
=== Interop ===
 * Greg S sent an email to the TC looking for organizations interested in an Interop for KMIP 3.0.
 * P6R, Cryptsoft, and NetApp have expressed interest in participating. 
 * September 2023 is being looked at as a target date. 

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: March 9, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves and Tony C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:12 US-EST ==
