= Meeting Minutes April, 20, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (March 30, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from March 30, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the March 30, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S noted that the specification is in the same state as the prior meeting.  He will be incorporating feedback from Tim H's Profiles/Test Case work.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 
'''Ephemeral Handling'''
 * Tim H reviewed the updates he made to the Ephemeral Question proposal based on the discussion at the last TC meeting. (See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70899)
 * TC discussed the three options and weighed the pros and cons of each but did not come to a decision on which option to go with.   Tim H suggested moving on to his second proposal 

'''ID Placeholder'''
 * Tim H presented a proposal focused on cleaning up inconsistency related to ID Placeholder in the KMIP 3.0 Spec. (See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70941)
 * TC discussed the five options for ID Placeholder in the proposal
 
 * Expanded the discussion to cover both proposals and what criteria/philosophy did we want to use to select the go forward options.
   * The 'explicit and easiest to implement' selections would be option 1 for Ephemeral Handling and option 5 of ID Placeholder
   * The 'explicit and wordy ‘selections would be option 3 for Ephemeral Handling and option 5 of ID Placeholder

  * Tim H noted that irrespective of selection Usage Guide text and Test Cases will be needed.

  * Tim H's work on the Profiles/Test Cases is blocked until decisions on these proposals are made.

  * TC decided to provide time to everyone to consider the proposals and the TC will make the decisions on the proposals at the next TC meeting.
 
=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Status on the KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide remains unchanged.

== Interop ==
 * September 2023 remains the target date. 
 * Tim H still needs to provide the group with draft Interop rules to review
 * Bruce R asked about the scope of the Interop.  Tim H noted that he was assuming a 3.0 focus since we need to vet the 3.0 Spec and Profiles and look to SOUs for 3.0.
   * The TC agreed that the scope should be 3.0

== New Business ==

 * Tim C asked about how to provide editorial changes on the KMIP 3.0 Spec.   Greg S said he will think about the best option and get back to Tim C.  Tony C offered to sync with Greg S offline on the approach he has taken in the past on incorporating Spec changes.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: May 4, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:37 US-EST ==
