= Meeting Minutes May 4, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:01 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (April 20, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim C moves, Tony C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from April 20, 2023'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the April 20, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 ==

* KMIP 3.0 discussion focused on approval of the Ephemeral Handling (See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70899) and ID Placeholder proposals (See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70941)that were presented and discussed in previous TC meetings.

=== Ephemeral Handling ===
 
'''Motion to approve option 3 (aka explicit & wordy) of the Ephemeral Handling proposal (See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70899).  Option 3 changes Ephemeral to an enumeration with three options.'''

 * Greg S moves, Bruce R seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments.   Motion approved, KMIP 3.0 Specification, Profiles and Test Cases will be updated to reflect this approved proposal.

=== ID Placeholder ===

'''Motion to approve option 5 of the ID Placeholder proposal (See https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70941).  Option 5 removes all special handling text for ID Placeholder, makes Unique UID mandatory and ID Placeholder use explicit.'''

 * Tim C moves, Bruce R seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments.   Motion approved, KMIP 3.0 Specification, Profiles and Test Cases will be updated to reflect this approved proposal.

* With the approval of these two proposals progress on the KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases and Spec can move forward.

== Interop ==
 * September 2023 remains the target date. 
 * Scope of interop is 3.0 to vet the 3.0 Spec and Profiles and support SOUs for 3.0.
 * Tim H and Greg S have started working on draft Interop rules.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: May 18, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves and Tony C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:15 US-EST ==
