= Meeting Minutes September 7, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (August 24, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from August 24, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the August 24, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status Updates ==

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H posted WD4 of the KMIP 3.0 Profiles document (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71322), supporting profile test cases (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71324) and the KMIP 3.0 test cases (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71325) to the reflector.
 * The KMIP 3.0 Test Case document is pending
 * Assumption is that these documents will be the baseline for the upcoming Interop and cover the new v3.0 content that we want to test in the Interop

=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===

 * Greg S posted WD15 of the KMIP 3.0 Specification (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71321) to the reflector.  
 * This version of the Spec aligns with the updated Profiles and Test Cases that were also published this week.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy F is still waiting for additional new 3.0 content to incorporate into the Usage Guide

== Interop ==
 * Tim H is happy to run the Interop off the documents that were posted this week.
 * Tim H has also reached out again to the potential Interop participants but has not received any responses.
 * Hopefully by the next TC meeting there will be feedback on these documents and confirmation that they are sufficient for running the upcoming Interop.   

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: September 21, 2023
 * This is the week the week of the ICMC Conference but given the upcoming Interop the TC decided to keep the meeting as scheduled.

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * Bruce R (Cryptsoft)

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:11 US-EST ==
