= Meeting Minutes June 29, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (June 15, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from June 15, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves,  Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the June 15, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S is beginning to work on the updates to the Spec coming from the updates to the Profiles and Test Cases.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H uploaded updates to the Profiles (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71163) and Test Cases (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71164) for review. 

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy is waiting for updates coming from the changes to the Spec, Profiles, and Test Cases.

== Interop ==
 * September 2023 remains the target date.	
 * Greg S will send out an update to confirm the previously identified participants and to see if anyone else is interested in participating.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: July 13, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:09 US-EST ==
