= Meeting Minutes October 5, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==

 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (September 21, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from September 21, 2023'''

 * Tim C moves, Judy seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the September 21, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status Updates ==

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is working on the next set of updates coming from feedback on Certify and ChaCha20. The plan is to propose the updates to the Interop participants for inclusion in the Interop.

=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg is waiting for the PQC updates for inclusion into the Spec.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy F is still waiting for additional new 3.0 content to incorporate into the Usage Guide.

== Interop ==
 * The Interop participants have discussed moving the start dates for testing, results collation, and results graphs back a week. 
 * Tim H sent an email, (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/202310/msg00004.html), detailing the changes to the start dates.

'''Motion to accept the new Interop start dates for testing, results collation, and results graphs per Tim H's email to the list'''

 * Tim H moves, Mark J seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion passed.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: October 19, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:15 US-EST ==
