= Meeting Minutes August 10, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (July 27, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Judy seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from July 27, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves,  Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the July 27, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H has incorporated the feedback from Mark Joseph into his working copy of the Test Cases. 

=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S is waiting on Tim H to provide review feedback on the KMIP 3.0 Specification working copy.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy F notes that she has not made any updates to the Usage Guide and is still awaiting for new 3.0 content to incorporate.

== Interop ==
 * Tim H posted the draft process for the Interop (https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71258) for review at the next meeting. 
 * Tim H will send the draft process directly to the vendors participating in the Interop.
 * Proposed date is October 9-20, 2023, after the ICMC conference.
 * Scope of Interop is KMIP 3.0 to vet the 3.0 Spec and Profiles and support SOUs for 3.0.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: August 24, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:10 US-EST ==
