= Meeting Minutes January 12, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (December 15, 2022)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * "Hash then Sign" Update
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim C moves, Tim H & Tony C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from December 15, 2022'''

 * Tim H moves, Judy F seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the December 15, 2022 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S working with changes to Profiles/Test cases. Minor updates being made to a working draft for broken links & other minor changes.  

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is continuing to make progress on the KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy advises that some changes are in the works but not yet sufficient progress and updates from test cases/specification are pending.

== New Business ==

=== Hash then Sign  ===
 * Judy F described the status of the NCCoE PQC Migration project analysis document and expects work to be at a point in early Feb for this to be shared with the TC
 * Tim C asked if LMS & XMSS signatures are covered - Judy F noted that they were not covered in the analysis document but are covered in NIST SP 800-208 Recommendation for Stateful Hash-Based Signature Schemes.  Since these algorithms are already standardized, they can be added now.  Judy F recommended a separate proposal from the four post-quantum algorithms.
 * Tim H advises that XMSS is defined as a cryptographic identifier in KMIP 2.0 - we need a proposal and a test case to include this now. 

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: February 09, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * Gerry S

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:18 US-EST ==
