= Meeting Minutes February 9, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (January 12, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * "Hash then Sign" Update
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from January 12, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the January 12, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S is working on updates to the KMIP 3.0 Spec.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is continuing to make progress on the KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy is working on updates the KMIP 3.0 usage guide and is waiting for updates coming from specification and test cases.

== New Business ==

=== Hash then Sign  ===
 * Judy sent out an email after the last meeting with ‘Hash then Sign’ discussions -  https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/email/archives/202301/msg00005.html
 * Greg S will forward it to the PKCS#11 TC.

=== Interop/SOUs ===
 * Planning has started for an Interop with KMIP 3.0 Spec. 
 * Greg S will send an email to the TC to come up with the schedule. 

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: February 23, 2023

'''Motion that Bruce's Leave of absence for six weeks be accepted.'''

 * Greg S moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions or comments. Motion passed.

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Judy moves and Tim H seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:19 US-EST ==
