= Meeting Minutes November 30, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Judy)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (November 16, 2023)
 * Interop Summary
 * New Business
   * OASIS Kavi Platform Migration
 * Next Meeting
   * Kavi Platform Migration impact on December 14 Meeting
   * Meeting Schedule/Break over Holidays
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim C moves, Tim H seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 16, 2023'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. [[https://wiki.oasis-open.org/kmip/MeetingMinutes/Nov162023|Minutes for the November 16, 2023 meeting]] are approved.

== Interop Summary ==
 * Tim H gave a presentation on the Interop results and uploaded a series of documents prior to the Meeting:
   * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/71550/TC2023%20Interop%20Testing%20Report-v1a.pdf|TC 2023 Interop Testing Presentation]]
   * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/71549/TC2023%20Interop%20Summary%20Items.pdf|TC 2023 Interop Summary Items]]
   * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/71548/kmip-profiles-v3.0-wd06.zip|kmip-profiles-v3.0-wd06.zip]]
   * [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/71547/kmip-testcases-v3.0-wd06.zip|kmip-testcases-v3.0-wd06.zip]]
   * Interop was generally well received by the participants who worked together, however a general observation was that we may need more time for the first rounds of testing to allow vendors to get their systems working.
   * It seems that the most time consuming task of the Interop is the checking of results which is still largely manual. A suggestion for future Interops may be to vector all testing through a proxy which records all of the results with a common logging format which we can run automation against.  This should substantially reduce the load on the server vendors for verification and speed up the process.

== New Business ==
 * Kavi Update
   * OASIS has decided to move away from the Kavi Platform
   * Scheduled shutdown of the existing Kavi Platform for migration is planned for December 14, 2023 - Conflicts with our next Meeting
   * Planned to shutdown for several days
   * Access to mailing lists, meeting schedules, document register expected to be unavailable for a period.
   * OASIS plans to hold training for new platform (Details not yet released)

 * Plan for December 14, 2023 TC Meeting
   * TC discuss Kavi Update impact on next TC meeting.
   * TC decided to hold the meeting as planned but TC co-chairs will take some steps prior to the meeting to ensure we can run the meeting without access to the Kavi (or its replacement) platform.
     * Judy F to set up TC Meeting Schedule for 2024 (commencing on 11 January) in hopes that the meeting series will be migrated to the new platform
     * Greg S to complete and circulate the minutes in both link and PDF form to ensure a copy is available for the next meeting
     * Agenda for next meeting to be circulated early in the week commencing Monday 11-Dec-2023
     * Greg S and Judy F will export TC Roster so that Roll Call/Attendance can be recorded offline

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: December 14, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves and Tim H seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:29 US-EST ==
