= Meeting Minutes June 15, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:02 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (May 18, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tony C moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 18, 2023'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg S seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 18, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S is waiting on the updates to the Profiles and Test Cases to finalize the KMIP 3.0 Spec.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is making good progress on the Profiles and Test Cases.
 
=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy is waiting for updates that come out of the changes to the Spec, Profiles, and Test Cases.

== Interop ==
 * September 2023 remains the target date.
 * Tim H and Greg S are working on the draft Interop rules.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: June 29, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:08 US-EST ==
