= Meeting Minutes July 27, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (June 29, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
  * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
  * KMIP 3.0 Specification
  * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from June 29, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the June 29, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status Updates ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Mark J has submitted several errata on the recently published WD3 to the reflector.  Tim H has corrected these issues in his current working copy and responded to Mark J's emails.
 * Tim H is continue to work on additional 3.0 test cases.
 * Additional feedback on the Profiles/Test Cases is welcome

=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S noted that he was unable to make progress on the KMIP 3.0 Specification due to personal issues.
 * Greg S is also waiting on Tim H to provide review feedback on the KMIP 3.0 Specification working copy

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy F notes that she has not made any updates to the Usage Guide and is still awaiting for new 3.0 content to incorporate

== Interop ==
 * Greg S sent a reminder about the Interop event to the KMIP mailing list to confirm the interest of CryptSoft, IBM, NetApp and P6R to participate and to solicit additional interested organizations.
 * Sun Ho from MDS (and affiliate of Hanscom) which recently (re)joined the TC also expressed interest in participating in the Interop event.
 * After a short discussion it was agreed that the Interop event should be moved into October after the ICMC conference.  October 9-20, 2023 is the proposed window for event.  Greg S will follow up with organizations who have expressed interest in participating to ensure this timeframe works for them.
 * Scope of Interop is KMIP 3.0 to vet the 3.0 Spec and Profiles and support SOUs for 3.0.
 * Tim H and Greg S have started working on draft Interop rules and will share at a future meeting

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: August 10, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:17 US-EST ==
