= Meeting Minutes November 16, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (November 2, 2023)
 * Interop Summary
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 2, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the November 2, 2023 meeting are approved.

== Interop Summary ==
 * Tim H gave an update on the Interop. The Interop testing is essentially completed. There are a very small number of tests (.4 % of the tests), that are currently being reviewed and discussed by the Interop participants. 
 * There has been good cooperation between the vendors. 
 * There has been a larger amount of retesting and corrections compared to previous Interops due to the major changes in 3.0. 
 * The failure rate for the tests is about 2.5 %, which is lower than previous Interops.
 * Tim C said that the Interop has gone pretty well.
 * There were no other comments about the Interop.
 * Next steps
  * Get a formal agreement on the results from the participants.
  * Review the pre-agreed upon result graphs with the participants.
  * Create a report of the results for the TC and review it with the TC.
  * Review changes to specification and test cases with the participants and send them to the TC.
 * The next TC meeting is being targeted to review the results with the TC.

== New Business ==
 * The TC was approached by IEF to discuss a KMIP profile. Greg S has been talking to IEF and TC Admin about any issues with an external standards body being involved in a profile discussion with an OASIS TC. 
 * Greg S sent the email from IEF about the profile to Judy and Tim H to review and we have a number of questions that we will need to discuss with the IEF group.

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: November 30, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:13 US-EST ==
