= Meeting Minutes December 14, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (November 30, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from November 30, 2023'''

 * Tim C moves, Judy seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the November 30, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H uploaded the changes made to the profiles and test cases from Interop prior to the TC call on November 30. 

=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Tim H is working on proposals for suggested changes to the spec that came from the Interop. 
 * Greg is waiting for the PQC updates for inclusion into the Spec.

 * A discussion was had about adding PQC Identifiers from FIPS-203, FIPS-204, FIPS-205 into the spec.
 * Greg uploaded a document listing the PQC Identifiers - https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/document.php?document_id=71594

'''Motion to include the NIST PQC Identifiers from FIPS-203, FIPS-204, FIPS-205 listed in the uploaded document into the KMIP 3.0 spec'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion passed.

 * Stateful hash was brought up and it was decided that it should be handled as a separate proposal.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy F is waiting for updates coming from the updates to the Spec, Profiles, and Test Cases.

== New Business ==
 * None

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: January 11, 2024

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:12 US-EST ==
