= Meeting Minutes March 09, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (February 23, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
   * Ephemeral Handling
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from February 9, 2023'''

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the February 9, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S is working on updates to the KMIP 3.0 Spec.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is working on updates to the KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases.

=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy is working on updates the KMIP 3.0 usage guide and is waiting for updates coming from specification and test cases.

=== Interop ===
 * Cryptsoft, IBM, NetApp and P6R have expressed interest in participating. 
 * September 2023 is being looked at as a target date. 
 * Co-Chairs - send out update on short form interop notice

== New Business ==
 * Discussion on Ephemeral Question released by Tim to the TC Document repository - [[https://www.oasis-open.org/apps/org/workgroup/kmip/download.php/70847/ephemeral-question.pdf|ephemeral-question]]
   * This suggested change will have the effect of suppressing the return of data 
   * Update requested to correct Unique identifier in example response as it was inside the response payload.
   * Tim H to come back with a proposal with Spec update and test cases showing the context.
 
== Next Meeting ==
 * Suggested that next meeting on 23 March was too soon, yet April 6th was likely to be impacted by Easter.
 * Next TC Meeting: March 30, 2023
 * Cancel Meetings on 23-March and 6-April

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:30 US-EST ==