= Meeting Minutes May 18, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (May 4, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim C moves, Judy seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from May 4, 2023'''

 * Tim C moves, Greg seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the May 4, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S has updates to the KMIP 3.0 Spec that are ready for Tim H to review.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H is taking the two motions from the last TC meeting and working them into the test cases.
 
=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy has added what she has received to date to the KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide and is waiting for any new updates that come out of the two motions.

== Interop ==
 * September 2023 remains the target date.
 * Scope of interop is 3.0 to vet the 3.0 Spec and Profiles and support SOUs for 3.0.
 * Tim H and Greg S are working on the draft Interop rules.

== New Business ==
=== Bruce Rich ===
 * Bruce said that his last day with IBM will be June 2 and hasn't yet decided if he will be an OASIS individual member or not and said thanks to everyone on the TC.

'''Motion to thank Bruce Rich for all his contributions to the KMIP TC'''

 * Judy moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Motion approved.

=== ICMC ===
 * Tony's proposal for the KMIP presentation at for ICMC has been accepted.

== Next Meeting ==
 * June 1 TC Meeting has been cancelled.
 * Next TC Meeting: June 15, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim C moves and Tony C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:13 US-EST ==
