= Meeting Minutes March 30, 2023 =
== Meeting commenced 17:00 PM US-EST ==
 * Roll Call (Greg)
 * Quorum Achieved

== Proposed Agenda ==
 * Roll Call
 * Approve Agenda
 * Review/Approve Minutes (March 9, 2023)
 * KMIP 3.0 Status Updates
   * KMIP 3.0 Specification
   * KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases
   * KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide
 * Interop
 * New Business
 * Next Meeting
 * Call for Additional Attendees
 * Adjourn Meeting

'''Motion to approve Agenda''' 

 * Tim H moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Agenda approved.

'''Motion to approve previous meeting minutes from March 9, 2023'''

 * Judy moves, Tim C seconds. No objections, abstentions, or comments. Minutes for the March 9, 2023 meeting are approved.

== KMIP 3.0 Status ==
=== KMIP 3.0 Specification ===
 * Greg S is working on updates to the KMIP 3.0 Spec.

=== KMIP 3.0 Profiles/Test Cases ===
 * Tim H found a bug with ID Placeholder in that the list of operations that set ID Placeholder is incorrect. 
 * There are no test cases that meaningfully test the handling of ID Placeholder.
 * Tim H is going to do a writeup on the options to address the bug with ID Placeholder.
 
=== KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide ===
 * Judy has updated the KMIP 3.0 Usage Guide with the content she received.

== Interop ==
 * September 2023 is being looked at as a target date. 
 * Co-Chairs will send out an update to the TC.
 * Tim H is working on the draft Interop rules and will send it out for comment when it is done.

== New Business ==
=== Ephemeral Handling  ===
 * Tim H is working on test cases for Ephemeral Handling.
 * Tim H posted an update to his ephemeral question to list the discussed options and correct the output response examples. 
 * Tim H is going to do a write up with the corresponding spec and test case changes showing the two options for handling the Unique Identifier in the Response Payload.
 * Tim H is going to do a write up with the corresponding spec and test case changes showing the change to Ephemeral from a boolean to an enumeration. 

== Next Meeting ==
 * Next TC Meeting: April 20, 2023

== Call for Additional Attendees (Greg) ==
 * None

== Motion to Adjourn ==
 * Tim H moves and Tim C seconds, No objections, abstentions, or comments. Meeting adjourned.

== Meeting Adjourned at 17:28 US-EST ==
